
Larry: What do you guys want to do today?


Timmy: I don’t know Larry. 


Brian: Anyone want to play Minecraft?!


Everyone except Brian: MAYBE!!!!


Brian: How about going to Skechers outlet?


Everyone except Brian: TOMORROW!!!


Timmy: Roblox?


Everybody except Timmy: YES!!!


Narrator: The computer spontaneously implodes because of a cheap network plan and plot.


Brian: Anyone want to eat pizza?


Timmy: Nah, pizza sucks.


Brian: Hey, pizza is healthy! It has vitamins and stuff.


Timmy: Anyone want to do agriculture?


Larry: I would, but this one guy keeps cutting my grass. 


Narrator: Anyone want to…


Larry: Narrator, you’re not an actual character.


Narrator: Hey, but I’m the narrator, so I know everything that’s going to happen.


Brian: Can you tell us?


Narrator: No!


Larry: Why not?


Narrator: PLOT! (Laugh track)


Timmy: Anyone want to go trout fishing?


Everyone except Timmy: NO!


Timmy: Cashew farming?


Everyone except Timmy: NO!


Timmy: Ostrich taming?


Everyone except Timmy: NO!


Timmy: How about…


Everyone except Timmy: NO!


Timmy: (really fast) A cliche carnival adventure


Everyone except Timmy: NO!


Larry: Hey, how about a cliche carnival adventure!


Brian: Sounds Trout-tastic! Come on Timmy!


Timmy: Wait, I just said…


Everyone except Timmy: NOBODY CARES!!!(laugh track)


Spongebob timestamp narrator voice: A few moments later...


(Change slides twice at whatever speed)Narrator: When they arrived the three best friends were walking around when they stumbled (brian stumbles) upon a genie booth. They had been there before but they decided to do it again.


Brian: I can’t wait to do this game again!


Timmy: Whatever, I just want to get this over with


Larry: Whatever your fortune is, deal with it!


Narrator: Larry went up first


Genie: I am the great Clichenie! Ask away young soul, to find your destiny


Larry: (In disbelief) Ok then? What does my future hold?


Genie: Your wish is my command


Narrator: Out of the booth came a small piece of paper


Larry: (Reading the paper) You will witness a crime in 10 minutes. That’s a weird one.


Brian: My turn (rushes to the box)


Genie: I am the great clichenie! Ask away young soul, to find your destiny


Brian: What does my future hold?


Genie: Your wish is my command


Narrator: Out came another piece of paper and he took it and read.


Brian: (Reading the paper) You will die in 10 minutes. Darn, all I wanted was a Sprite and some fried chilli cheese dogs.(laugh track)


Timmy: Ok? Lets see what my fortune is(walks to booth)


Genie: I am the great…


Timmy: WE GET IT! (laugh track) What does my future hold?


Narrator: Out came another piece of paper and he took it and read..


Timmy: You will commit a crime in ten minutes


Narrator: They stood still and stared at each other


Timmy: These fortunes are trash! (throws paper in trash)


Larry: EXCUSE ME THAT GOES IN THE RECYCLING BIN!!!! (throws paper in recycling bin)


Brian: YEAH PROTECT THE EARTH DUDE!(laugh track)


Timmy: My bad. 


Narrator: Questioning their friendship, they then walked to the nearest restaurant(Change Slides)


Brian: You wouldn’t kill me, Timmy would you?


Timmy: Na, Of course not man, lets just enjoy these fried chilli cheese dogs. 


Narrator: They sat there for 9 minutes and 53 seconds when all of the sudden a parking enforcer showed up and spoke to Brian. 


Parking Enforcer: Hi, I saw your car over there and I realized it was in a handicap zone. Around here that is a crime. 


Brian:  What country are you from then? Because I have never heard of that before?


Parking Enforcer: They don’t call me an enforcer for nothing


Narrator: The Enforcer then punched him in the face and ran away


Brian: (On the floor) Hey I didn’t die!


Narrator: Lightning then strikes him from above. (laugh track) Meanwhile, Timmy is being dragged away by the parking enforcer for destroying the restaurant with lightning.


Timmy: How is this my fault, you don’t even deal with things beside parking (laugh track)


Parking Enforcer: Tell it to the judge


Narrator: As he gets pulled away Larry says


Larry: Darn, I’ll have to bail him out with my robux money(laugh track)


Narrator: As he runs into the distance, Brian wakes up

Brian: Larry, I cheated death! I have learned so much about life that I have to tell you about! I must tell you everything!


Narrator: Larry turns around when all of the sudden Brian gets struck by lightning again.


Larry: Oh well!

Narrator: As Larry walks away, lightning strikes Brian yet again.


Brian: Darn! (falls to the floor) (laugh track)


(Change Slides)Narrator: Meanwhile, Timmy is waiting for a trial with Larry as his witness 


Timmy: What am I going to do, I don't even have a lawyer


Larry: It’s okay. This is a Carnival Cliche story, remember. Some random guy will walk in here and say he’ll be your lawyer, because, uh, plot. (laugh track)


Genie: I am the great clichenie! And I'll be your lawyer!


Larry: See I told you(laugh track)


Narrator: They turn around to see none other than the genie that gave them their fortunes


Timmy: How did you get here!


Genie: Brian wasn’t the only one that got struck by lightning 


Larry: That sounds pretty shocking (laugh track)


Genie and Timmy: BOO!


Larry: Alright alright, now let's do this 


Spongebob timestamp narrator voice: 3 hours later(Change Slides)


Genie: I can’t believe we won the trial


Timmy: I know, you have zero law experience.


Genie: Thanks!(laugh track)


Larry: This is great! Hey genie, wanna be our new best friend?


Genie: Sure, let’s go play roblox


Everyone except Brian: YAY!


Brian: (Crippled) Wait. I am somehow still alive.


Narrator: As if god has some sort of vengeance for him, Brian is struck by lightning yet again. (laugh track)


Larry: Oh well, let’s go


Narrator: As they begin to leave brian lays there, solid as a dead trout. He has now turned into a ghost.


Brians ghost: I’ll become your ghost friend. You can call be the BFG, big friendly ginger, or ghost. I have so much to tell you guys. I know the meaning of life and it is my responsibility to…


Everyone except Brian: We See dead people! Wait, why can’t we see other dead people?


Brian’s ghost: Because, plot! By the way can I play Roblox with you guys?


Larry: Sure! By the way, what’s the secret of life?


Brian’s ghost: Duh, roblox!


(Change slides)Narrator: And the 3 friends swam home and played roblox 25/7 for the rest of their clichey lives. 


Everyone: NOT SPONSORED BY SPRITE OR THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM!
DON’T SUE US!