

Narrator: It has been 12 rotten orangins since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge is falling from the sky into the piracy app.


Larry: How do we find Clichenie?


Brian: Don't worry, we have all watch the emoji movie countless times. He is probably in the cloud.


Timmy: Sounds Troutastic, come on Timmy.


Larry: Wait, do we have to go to drop box?


Brian: Yes, but because we are smart and nobody is chasing us, let’s walk outside the apps. Except Just Dance and Candy Crush, because they are too much fun.


Larry: Ok 


Narrator: They walk around the apps like smart people and make it all the way to candy crush.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Cambry breaks the app open, which makes it glitchy


Timmy: How will we fix this?


Brian: We can either deal with it or get an expert hacker.


Timmy: Brian, lets just summon Elmer (blows shell)


Elmer: My only advice young ones, find a hacker.


Larry: Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy!


Timmy: Hey guys, I’m also an expert hacker, plus you don’t have to pay me!


three: NOBODY CARES 


Narrator: They go back to the piracy app and find the world’s best hacker Prison Escape 5.2


PE 5.2: What do you bois want?


Cambry: Can you help us fix Candy Crush, we kinda broke it


Narrator: Excuse me, but do you guys need to go through Candy Crush? You could just go straight to Droptop, I mean box.


Cambry: Nah its filler brah


Brian: Besides, without Candy Crush, this phone is useless.


Larry: Anyways, will you help us?

PE 5.2: Sure, just give me that good-good


Brian: Sounds good.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll all the way to Candy Crush


PE 5.2: Uh oh. I see the problem. See, Cambry was coated with illegal malware, and it rubbed on the Candy Crush app, so we have to apply a nice even coating of Flex Seal Liquid right in the cracks.


Timmy: We could, we could put it right into cracks, but why. Why would we do that?


PE 5.2: Fine we can just use flex seal spray


Cambry: Good thing I always carry twelve lard spheres of flex seal in my trunk.


Narrator: They take out the Flex Seal and begin applying even coats.


PE 5.2: If it isn't drying have patience.


Larry: Ok 


Narrator: They continue applying flex seal until Candy Crush is Completely dry.


Brian: But wait, does it work underwater?


Narrator: They get a giant bucket of water and dump it on Candy Crush. It in fact, does not work underwater. Nothing bad happens from this, but now all the candy is soggy.


PE 5.2: Let’s move


Cambry: You stole my catchphrase! It’s “let’s roll


PE 5.2: Shut it Fingerhead! (stuffs candy into his mouth)


Narrator: They roll into Candy Crush


Voice: Candy crush!


Larry: Hey voice, what do you think of me


Voice: Delicious, Sweet, divine, SEXY!


Timmy: that’s disgusting


Larry: Don’t talk about brian that way


Voice: (to brian)Disgusting, dirty, filthy, GINGER


PE 5.2: Why is this happening?


Cambry: We need filler to get this past the 20-page mark.


Timmy: Wait, why are we in here still, it’s not like someone is actually inside the game.


Narrator: Brian is teleported inside the game


PE 5.2: Uh oh, Brian is kinda screwed. He’s red, pink, white and brown, so he has a lot to avoid!


Larry: Can’t you hack him out of there?


PE 5.2: Yeah, but that would take too much of my brain space


Timmy: Hey, maybe mixing him with one of colors won’t be bad?


Narrator: They align Brian with red candy. He explodes.


Larry: Uh oh, that’s a lotta damage


Narrator: Brian drops into the special candy pot due to the power within.

PE 5.2: Let’s move


Narrator: They move. Meanwhile, Cambry is eating every candy he finds


Timmy: Will that candy double as a source of fuel?


Cambry: No, it just tastes good. It makes me feel all jiggly


Larry: If you keep eating all that, you’ll be jiggly.


Narrator: Cambry implodes due to an overdose of Plotcebo.


Brian: That’s a lotta damage


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They start to roll, but then…


Cambry: I’m never eating another piece of candy/plot device ever again.


Narrator: Cambry pluhs out a piece of candy corn


Larry: Cambry, don’t do it. Don’t you do it. It’s already been in there once.


Narrator: Candy corn is inserted inside Cambry.


Cambry: let’s roll


Narrator: They roll out of Candy Crush and head for Just Dance. But on the way, Cambry gets a speeding ticket by a Parking Enforcer Emoji.


PE: Have I seen you before?


Cambry: No


PE: Yeah you’re probably right. Just sign your name here.


Narrator: Cambry signs the paper


PE: Hah! I recognize that signature. You’re that Cambry that went across the country with those crazy kids


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Instead of rolling into the PE, they stupidly try to roll away


PE: (into walkie talkie) Hey, yo, hitman can you help me?


Hitman: Sure thing


PE: Wait, haven’t you died like 5 times? 


Hitman: Yeah, and even though I’m bad guy, I made it to heaven!


PE: Where exactly is heaven?


Hitman: In the Cloud of course (epic joke)


PE: Oh I guess that makes sense.


Narrator: The Loser Lounge now is in the Just Dance app. It is currently off.


PE 5.2: We have to get through the app without activating it.


Narrator: Due to pure stupidity, Cambry turns on the app


Cambry: What? I’m dank and it’s a big, red button!


Brian: I forgive you Squidard!


Just Dance Lady: Welcome to Just Dance. Follow my moves and you can move forward.


PE 5.2: Great Fingers, now we have to dance our way out.


Timmy: It’s easy PE 5.2.


PE 5.2: No, I can't dance. (Insert hand jive)


JDL: Get ready in three, two, one, dance!(Wake me up before you go go begins to play)


Timmy: Follow me PE 5.2.


Narrator: They begin progressing through the tiles. Larry is doing ok but Cambry is rocking it.


Cambry: I'm on a roll.


Narrator: Meanwhile, Timmy and PE 5.2 stall in the back.


PE 2: I can't do this


Timmy: You have to feel this moment.


Narrator: With Timmy’s guidance they move on to free dance.


PE 2: Uh more dancing 


Narrator: Timmy takes him by the hand, spins him, and stares him in the eyes. PE 5.2 moves his hair behind his beanie. They begin to do the emoji pop.


Larry and Cambry: yeah shake it bois.


JDL: Woah woah, I have never seen that dance move before. What is it called?


Timmy: The emoji pop?


JDL: I love it, everyone do the emoji pop.


Narrator: This is taking too long. Anyway they continue dancing then PE 5.2’s beanie flies off revealing his TTT birthmark.


Timmy: I have the same birthmark. You're my brother. You never got out of the phone.  


JDL: Welcome new player.


Timmy: What


Narrator: They look to see the PE dancing his way towards them.


Timmy: Run


Narrator: Meanwhile, their user Adolf deleted the Just Dance App. Everyone makes it out except Cambry and PE. They scramble back together outside the phone.


Larry: Wait, where is Cambry?


Brian: Dude you literally just saw him kick the bucket.


Larry: (sniffles) What did it have in it?


Brian: Couple of plot stains and a cliche napkin


PE 2: Some guy trashed the Just Dance app, and Hi-5 right along with it.


Larry: We have to go save him.


Brian: Dude, don't let your emojions overcome you. Dropbox is right there. Why don't we save him after we find Clichenie like smart people.


Larry: Sounds Troutastic come on Timmy


Narrator: They walk into Dropbox and hop on the rollercoaster. They land right next to the Firewall


PE 2: We need someone with a lot of expressions or no expressions.


Narrator: Without anyone saying anything, Brian steps on to the plate.

Larry: Ok my passcode is Cliche


Brian: Shouldn’t we have a montage of me failing to open the firewall.


Timmy: Sure


Narrator: Cue fail montage.


Brian: Ok fun’s over. Cliche


Narrator: They pass through the firewall and make it to the cloud.They see Clichenie sitting in the center of it all.

Larry: Clichenie are you ok


Clichenie: Do you know what right now is?


Larry: What?


Clichenie: This is our 10th adventure.


Brian: Woah.


Clichenie: Aren't you all tired of searching and saving me over and over again?


Timmy: What else can we do?


Clichenie: How about we live our lives. Become something to be proud of.


Brian: Are you kidding? Clichenie, because we have been searching for you we met Cambry, went to space, traveled through dimensions and time, became Powur Rangers, and even went inside and left the phone. Clichenie, you are our reason we keep on going. And if we ever get to chill again, you will see why it was worth it.


Clichenie: Wow Brian, your inspirational speech has inspired me to move on. I will retrieve your friend from the trash.


Narrator:(wiping tears) Clichenie uses magic plot to bring Cambry out of the trash.


Cambry: Oh thank god. So many internet trolls were like diamonds in the sky.


PE 5.2: Well, let me access the source code and get you guys out of here.


Timmy: You aren't coming with us?


PE 5.2: Sorry Timmy but, I had a plan.


Timmy: Ok see you at grandmas


PE 5.2: Singing killed my grandma


Timmy: Same


Narrator: They all exchange goodbyes and swim home. All together now they wonder what is next.
Timmy: It’s kinda weird that we’re living normal lives now.


Brian: I’m not. Remember, I’m a ginger.


Larry: Are you guys ready to go to Stockdale?


Everyone except Brian: YEAH!


Larry: Oh yeah forgot! Better luck next year Brian!


Narrator: It is the next day. All members of the Loser Lounge are conveniently reunited at the bus stop


Brian: You come here often?


Larry: I thought you were going to Independence.


Brian: I drank a fountain smoothie, plotcebo, flex seal, tide pods and a few cliche napkins. All the items combined to somehow get me into Stockdale!


Larry: Noice.


Narrator: They also see a guy with a turbine with a box still stuck on him.


Timmy: (gasps) Clichenie!


Brian: Shut up Timmy, Clichenie died, remember?


Larry: (gasps) Clichenie!


Brian: Wow Clichenie you’re going to Stockdale?


Clichenie: Yep. Wanna play Roblox after school?
Everyone: Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 11: High School Daise