
Narrator: It has been 99 glorious stories since our adventures began. If you are still reading and enjoying these strange stories, I commend you. And I congratulate you, for your efforts will finally come to fruition by the end of this tale. Thank you, enjoy. Alright here we go, game time. The losers are at their home discussing their plans to get their friends out of prison. 


Cambry: (cracks car knuckles) let's roll. 


Larry: Cambry you just said that like five seconds ago. Anyways Brian whats the plan? 


Brian: I don’t know Larry, look around, I still can’t lift a glass of water for god sakes


Timmy: You just said you had a plan?


Larry: TIMMY YOU'RE BACK?!


Timmy: Shoot, I forgot I'm imprisoned.


Brian: Wait, how do we break you out?


Timmy: I don't know I'm not your dad. Figure it out. (disappears)


Brian: Alright guys, I got it. It’s simple. We’ve done a bunch of prison break scripts in the past, along with a few improbable missions. I mean we literally just did almost broke out elmer in a similar fashion


Larry: we failed though


Brian: Yeah, but not because we lost. Only because they won


Larry: what?


Brian: we’re dead. Anyways, HOP IN CAMBRY AND LET'S GET DIGGIN


Cambry: (cracks car knuckles) let’s roll.


Larry: Can we stop by CVS on the way? Cambry needs his pills. 


Cambry: (cracks car knuckles) lrel frolls


Brian: jesus christ yea we can stop.


Narrator: Cambry implodes due to plotcebo/cousin neil. Anyways, they roll into space. There is some mediocre at best small talk on the way. They make it to the first 7/11 they find.


Cambry: (before cashier can talk)THERE'S A GHOST INSIDE OF ME!


Cashier: You really do need these pills. Here ya go (feeds pills)


Cambry: Much better, would’ve preferred the cheese pills to be honest. 


Brian: hey cashier wanna come help us break timmy/tommy outta jail?


Cashier: 2 T-clan members?!?


Larry: What does that have to do with anything?


Cashier: Uh, uhh. DISCOUNT. Sure I'll come. 


Cambry: Let's ROLLA. Sorry, the ghost again. 


Brian: god we’re gonna die


Narrator: They roll. They small talk again except Cashier is there so it’s just more awkward. Cashier senses this and figures hey why not give exposition to the losers. 


Cashier: And that is what is meant by “T-clan member”. Your friend and his son are very important in the history of the gods of cod.


Cambry: I could go for a cod hot dog right now.


Cashier: Gotcha. So you guys have a method to break him out


Brian: Not really, we’re just kinda gonna wing it.


Cashier: good to know.


Cambry: Guys we’ve made it to THE VOID. Can we stop for second lunch?


Larry: Hory carp we’re already here we’re only on page 3.


Cambry: Insert filler line.


Cashier: quit horsin around. Let’s move


Cambry: hey.


Narrator: They arrive on a planet that is only colored gray, black and brown. They all walk openly into the prison. Cambry does a car roll. 


Larry: There's an illuminated sign that points to holding cells. Let's follow it. 


Brian: Good idea. 


Narrator: Cambry immediately drives off in the opposite direction. They all sigh and chase after him. They find cambry with his car jaw dropped in front of a doorway. 


Brian: What are you looking a…OH MY GOD IT'S TOMMY!


Narrator: They see Tommy in a cell in a completely deprived state. He sees his uncles. 


Tommy: oh thank cod. 


Brian: (shouting through cupped hands) Tommy! Use your powers to fix yourself!


Narrator: Tommy groans and makes an ice sculpture of a swan but out of solid silver. 


Tommy: that's not an option right now. You guys gotta save my dad first. He’s down the hall in the opposite direction. Come back for me. Go!


Narrator: They rush down the hall but suddenly come to a halt behind a turn in the hallway. 


Brian: What's wrong?


Larry: Why the hell is he here?


Narrator: Brian looks around the corner and sees his arch rival, Aquaman, but in a much more enhanced state. 

Brian: kill code time. Larry, do you have the car battery I told you to bring?


Larry: Of course. 


Brian: Hook me up. 


Narrator: He turns the corner and faces his foe. 


Brian: Hey fish!


Aquaman: Ah, Boy. You want to tango?


Brian: No, something more. TAKE THIS!


Narrator: Brian lets out a massive lightning bolt that lets out a raging thunder clap sound effect. The dust settles and Aquaman is unfazed. 


Brian: Crap that's all the juice I got, run!


Larry: Cool fire hell powers activate!

Narrator: Larry lights a candle but nothing happens.


Cambry: (rolls in) CAMBRY!!!


Aquaman: (starts laughing hysterically) How far you’ve fallen losers.


Narrator: Aquaman kicks Cambry towards a wall. He throws his trident at Brian, who grabs it, but the trident and him keep flying into a wall. Aquaman summons water to put out Larry’s candle.

Larry: darn leedle.


Narrator: Aquaman casts Larry aside and smacks Brian with the trident


Aquaman: I AM A GOD! ACCEPT ME ALREADY GODS OF COD! (points trident up in air; looks around). Hey where did that dumb car go?


Narrator: Aquaman sees a trail of smoke and a giant warp in the bars of one of the cells


Aquaman: IMPOSSIBLE!


Narrator: Aquaman runs towards the cell and sees Cambry attempting to dig to Tommy’s cell from Timmy cell via spoon


Aquaman: What the?


Cambry: TIMMY get in, let's book it! Fish can’t see what isn’t right in front of them!!!


Narrator: They roll out, and Cambry grabs Larry and Brian (despite not having hands), and rolls towards Tommy’s cell. They get there and Aquaman is already waiting for them.


Larry: What the? How did you get here?


Aquaman: look inside the cell


Brian: Tommy's gone? What the hell are you magical?


Aquaman: (does snake charmer thing) Fish magic bay bee! Yeah no he’s been moved to a higher security level area. You guys are intruders we aren't stupid. 


Brian: Thanks for telling us. Come on cambry let's go get him


Aquaman: Pfft don’t even bother. If you couldn’t beat me then you don’t stand a chance against the others.


Larry: Don’t underestimate us


Timmy: Guy’s he’s right. I’ll explain later, but for now LET'S BOOK IT


Larry: You sure we shouldn’t save your son


Timmy: There's no time. We gotta go now. 


Narrator: They roll. Aquaman whistles and makes a dolphin clicking noise. THE BOIS (fish best men but robotic) show up


Aquaman: SIC EM BOIS!

Narrator: The robotic fish travel at immense speeds as Cambry rounds a few corners and busts out of the facility. Despite Cambry traveling at nothing short of supersonic speed, the bois manage to catch up and attach to his bumper like remoras. They gnaw at Cambry’s bumper, bringing them to a startling halt just outside the facility. Aquaman walks up to them and throws his trident into Cambry’s back left wheel. 


Aquaman: Any last words losers?


DDB: I got one, zap!


Narrator: They all turn to the voice and see what appears to be brian but with much better and longer hair. He zaps Aquaman with a massive amount of force, sending him flying a decent distance. 


Larry: Where have you been all my life?


Brian: Gross Larry. 


Larry: He saved our lives. That's what I meant weirdo. 


DDB: We can talk at our house. Cambry say the thing. 


Cambry: My wheel is fixed because plot. Let's roll!


Narrator: They return to the house in their own dimension. 


Timmy: Ok you get to pay part of the rent now because you referred to it as “our house”.


DDB: Enough about that. If we don't act soon there won't be rent to pay. 


Larry: You wanna fill us in because I'm Cambry levels of confusion.


Brian: Does this have to do with that H guy hot brian?


DDB: H is but a lackey to the real deal. In my dimension PE won Endgame, sending him down a dark path of destruction and carnage. He didn't even stop at my dimension. After he chained me to a piece of rock floating through the sky he also forced me to watch him enslave and conquer dozens upon dozens of other realities. This one is next. 


Cambry: Dimension kind of sounds like dumplings. 


Timmy: DDB is right. I heard whispers of an all out assault on this reality, led by the one they call worldbreaker. 


Larry: Jeez that's quite the nickname. Anyways, Brian but awesome, what can we do to stop him?


DDB: Yes...stop him… OF COURSE! Haha the fool. He made me watch how he does it. Before WB can enter a dimension he must first place three beacons in it so that he and his fleet can pass through. He typically places one on Earth and two in space. I know for a fact that one is in New York City.


Larry: Oh god again. 


Cambry: We drove to New York? Road Trip? Ohhh yeah we did. 


DDB: Alright, I wish you luck finding the other beacons. They take 10 minutes to activate once placed, so you have to disarm them before then. Try to break them before they can even get placed. I’m sorry I cannot join you guys, but I need to continue to train.


Larry: Train? But you’re already Brian but hecka better


DDB: I’ll explain at another time (walks to cashier)


Cashier: (without ruse) How goes the training champion?


DDB: I've outgrown the simulation. It became too easy. There's no pain, no fatigue. The good news is I found a replacement. I’ve been actually going back to the dimension, and not just a simulation, and rerunning it until I can absolutely destroy that demon. I am going to do it until it no longer requires effort.


Cashier: That's dangerous and kinda overkill but I commend your efforts.


DDB: I’ve been at it for a while but I still fear it may not be enough to beat him. Hence why I’m gonna go right now. Good luck to you all.


Larry: Hopefully we understand any of what they just said later in the script


Cashier: you sound like Car Platinum. 


Cambry: THAT'S WHAT THE GHOST CALLS HIMSELF?!


Cashier: Wait what are you refer-


Timmy: Don't worry about it Cashier it's Cambry. 


DDB: Alright team let's roll but in separate directions


Cambry: hey. Let’s roll.


Cashier: This is where I'll part ways as well. My team will look for one of the space beacons. You guys go to New York. 


Larry: Please take me with you to space. I really don't want to go back there.

Cashier: Hasta la vista. 


Timmy: Give me a second I gotta make a call.


Narrator: We pan to the milan coasting through deep space listening to sweet sweet 80s hits. Phil hangs up the phone. 


Phil: Defenders! I have received word of an oncoming threat. 


Narrator: He gets them all up to speed. 


Bobby: My prison scanners are pickin up on a strange object entering the sky of chill’s planet.


Chill: That ain't too chill. Let's check it out. Freeze!


Narrator: They make it to and land on Chills home planet. In front of the royal palace they meet up with Chief Chill.


CC: Ah my boy! And his colleagues. Thank you for coming. This object has been slowly descending into our airspace for quite some time now. 


Narrator: They look up and see the beacon for the first time. It appears as a giant nail like structure of a massive size. 


Chill: Do you have any ice cannons or something to blow it out of the sky?


CC: Unfortunately we are fasting this year so no.


Dave: then here's what we do. We wait for it to land then sneak aboard. 


Narrator: A large weird sound plays as dust flies out from the circumference of the beacon. Once the dust settles, the defenders see that the beacon is slowly being lowered into the ground, and a giant ramp extends out directly to where the defenders are almost taking out Dave


Phil: THE RAMP ALMOST KILLED DAVE


Narrator: They see a couple shadowy figures emerge.


Barry: (cracks ab knuckles) Somebody call the winners?


Narrator: We now pan to the losers arriving in New york within a few minutes. 


Timmy: Why on Earth did it take us so long to get here the first time?


Cambry: I didn't have cruise control on. 


Brian: Ok be on the lookout for anything that looks weird. 


Larry: You mean like the seattle space nail.


Both: The what?


Narrator: Larry points to the sore thumb of a beacon sticking out of the new york city skyline. 


Cambry: Let's board that thang. 


Narrator: They make it aboard and travel a short distance before encountering the crew in charge of the beacon. The bootlegs. They see Larty round the corner to a room labeled control room. 


Larry: Since when did the bootlegs work with the single strongest being ever?


Brian: Screw stealth we can take em even without powers. 


Narrator: They burst into the control room and see the bootlegs, Larty, baron, and carby all manning the control panels. They turn to face their counterparts. 


Timmy: (frightened) Where is he?


Cambry: Who?


Carby: What do you guys want? 


Brian: To kick some bass.


Narrator: They all spring into action. 


Baron: (hissing and jumps onto Brian’s arm)


Brian: AHH GET IT OFF ME GET IT OFF ME
Larty: (pushes buttons on his watch and pushes up glasses, and rocket propelled skechers summon on his feet) TAKE THIS YOU FOOL!


Narrator: Larry pulls out yet another candle and lights it and waves it in front of Larty. Larty hisses, takes off his sketchers and throws them at Larry


Cambry: This fight is kinda sad to be honest. I don’t even have a reason to fight you


Carby: AHH I’M MAD MY DAD’s NAME IS JIFFARD


Narrator: Carby rolls into Cambry awkwardly


Larry: I don’t remember us even really having a grudge. Why are you guys working for WB?


Larty: Because we’re tired of you guys thinking you're better than us. 


Brian: Well I mean we kinda are. At least we have a timmy equivalent. 


Timmy: (under breath) so do they.


Brian: What was that?


Timmy: So do they.


Narrator: The lights go out and come back on and standing in front of them is Tarmac the Barbarian. 


Tarmac: Today is the luckiest day of your entire lives. 


Brian: What the frick?! You're the bootleg version of Timmy?


Narrator: Tarmac lets out a small rageful gold shockwave out of the anger he receives from being referred to as a bootleg. 


Tarmac: I have been instructed not to kill today. So you have two options. One. Leave, let us do our job, and die a terrible death at some point. Or Two. Stay and fight me, and wish you had died a horrible death. The choice is yours. 


Brian: What makes you think that we’re just gonna listen to you?


Narrator: Tarmac enters his golden gear form and begins to float. He opens his hand as a collapsed star sits in his palm.


Larry: we’re gonna go now. But not because you told us to. Because we are definitely afraid for our lives. 


Timmy: this isn't over Tarmac. 


Tarmac: oh i know god boy. I know.


Narrator: They leave feeling defeated and pathetic. 


Larry: If only we had our powers we might have been able to take him. 


Cambry: Well then let's get em


All: huh?


Cambry: Elmers been in prison long enough. I say we break him out. 


Larry: damn Cambry that's kind of profound. Alright let's do it. Same thing. In and out. 


Timmy: But we can't just waltz back in there. We only made it out thanks to DDB. 


Brian: Then we gotta get some friends to come with. 


Larry: Or enemies…

Narrator: They roll to the NYPD where they see PE antagonizing the cops. 


PE: You guys think you're so cool with your “real weapons” and “jobs.” Well you ain't!


Police officer: Get this guy out of my precinct. 


Narrator: He gets tossed onto the street at the feet of the losers. 


PE: Oh hey guys. 


Cambry: I heard through the wizard news that you blew up a chunk of pig acne. 


PE: Yea, but it's all better now. Gandalf gave me an anti-dementia spell so I'm no longer as deranged. But what do you losers want?


Larry: Look PE, we haven't always gotten along. But right now we need your help to take out a very bad person. If this foe succeeds there will be no more parking lots. 


 PE: I'm in. But we’re gonna need Hitman. 


Timmy: You know where to find him?


PE: Maybe…


Narrator: They roll to Hitman's house.


PE: knock knock anybody home. (silence) THIS IS THE POLICE!


Narrator: PE kicks down the door.


PE: Hey Car’s let me ride through!


Cambry: You sure we can’t just look through the house? It doesn’t even look like anyone is home.


PE: C’mon! Let’s ride. (drives Cambry)


Narrator: PE drives Cambry throughout the house destroying the entire house and everything in it. 


PE: Shoot, he is not here.


Timmy: Well, any other brilliant ideas?


PE: he may be in his vacation home in Old Guinea.


Larry: Let's go there i guess. What are we gonna do with his house


PE: i'll just put it on the NYPD police tab


Narrator: They roll to Hitman’s vacation home and see him in a beach chair. Hitmanmaid is in the pool. Brian is beet red. 


Hitman: What brings you to my humble abode? Wait you're trespassing, what the hell are you guys doing here?


HM: Hey brian


Brian: (in complete shambles) Hey


Hitman: (growls at Brian) Anyways, hey PE you tell them my super secret vacation home just cause, or?


PE: Yeah pretty much. Anyways these guys can explain but apparently there’s some bad guy they need our help to destroy


Hitman: you know im down but, like, come on, im grillin for god sakes


Larry: didn’t the narration just say you were chillin in the beach chair


Narrator: hitman presses a button and a giant roasted secondemon comes out of a hatch in the patio ceiling


Hitman: i got technology, remember?


Brain: the real question is, how the hell are these not expired by now


Hitman: i kept a bunch in the freezer directly after. Like a giant industrial freezer. Several factories in terms of size. I purchased millions of dollars in giant freezer storage space, all so i could store that sweet, sweet secondemon meat. 


Larry: what the hell, does secondemon meat even taste good? It sounds kinda like a pork scenario, ya know. Them secondaries grody.


Hitman: OH like you wouldn’t believe. Here we’ll eat some before we leave. Also I need to grab my hitman cell phone at my regular house before we leave.


PE: ohhh, um, we thought you would need that so we uh brought it here!


Narrator: PE scrapes the remnants of a hitman cellphone of off cambry


Hitman: After this I'm retiring. I'm getting too old for this. Bye hitmanmaid watch the house for me. 


HM: Got it dad. Bye brian.


Narrator: She waves at him and he literally has a heart attack. 


Timmy: SHOOT HES DEAD. 


Narrator: Due to plot, Brian is struck by lightning. 


Brian: Still got it. 


Narrator: They fly off and head to the void. They find somewhere safe to land and see hundreds of ships taking off as if preparing for travel. 


Brian: The base shouldn't be too high alert this time around since they are preparing to launch a full front attack. Be on your toes though. 


Narrator: They sneak in and head straight for the holding cells. The find elmer still in the simulation prison. They free him from the cell.  


Brian: I wonder where Aquaman went. Maybes hes on break


Elmer: Now’s not the time. Before I lose the chance, here, have your powers back. 


Narrator: Elmer miscalculated returning the powers in such a quick way. Larry’s entire body catches fire and Brian and Timmy are struck by immense lightning. Cambrys still Cambry. The dust settles and the group celebrates their returned strengths. 


Larry: Oh thank god I don't need medication anymore.


Brian: bye bye electric bill


Timmy: Timmy. 


Chet Stevens: Breaking news on channel 93.1. It appe-


Elmer: ok, so bad news is. This isn’t gonna be instant. You’ve been without your powers for a bit so it may take a couple minutes to reach full potential again.


Timmy: (concentrating) Shoot, I’m trying to find Tommy, but it’s all blurry.


Cambry: AH THE WORLD IS DARK I CANT SEE


Brian: what powers did you get back that you didn't have already


Cambry: oh yeah i didnt change


Timmy: should we wait around so we can get Tommy


Larry: Depends, how long before you can telekinetically find him


Narrator: before Timmy can answer that question, an echo rounds the corner of the hallway. The hallway drops 32 degrees in temperature. It’s H. A wind sound effect starts


H: we meet again. (gets in martial arts pose)


Brian: (cracks human knuckles) EXCEPT WE’RE BACK BAY BEE!


Narrator: Brian rushes towards H at Mach 6. In slow motion he sees H smirk and dodge out of the way whilst sticking out his leg. Brian trips and flies into the wall.


Brian: darn leedle this happened like 20 minutes ago.


Larry: take this Brian!


Narrator: Larry launches healing flames at Brian, and then Larry suits up. He uses a deep purple fire that burns everything in H’s vicinity. H is nowhere to be seen.


Larry: where’d he go.

Narrator: H appears behind Timmy, and sticks his arm up to karate chop his arm but Timmy turns and catches his arm and throws him against the wall. H lands with a flip and suffers no damage.


H: I see you haven’t lost your edge at all god boy.


Timmy: Why does everybody have to call me god boy?

Narrator: Elmer grabs H’s arm and starts arm wrestling with him aggressively. PE pimp walks up to them and PE squirts water onto H. Without any thought or foresight Cambry rolls into all 3 of them. Once the dust settles, they see H holding Timmy in a chokehold, but Timmy is getting out of his grip. 


H: I ain’t letting you losers get the son of god boy over here


Hitman: you gotta be kidding me. (throws smoke bomb)


Narrator: I can’t even see a thing and I'm narrator. A large engine rev is heard, and Cambry is seen rolling out of the prison. Hitman is piloting Cambry, and he has retrieved Timmy along with everyone else.


Timmy: (coughing) How the hell did you save me. (cough) Hitman.


Hitman: i put trackers on all of you before the fight. I mean you guys should’ve expected that anyways.


Timmy: shoot i forgot what about Tommy. (thinks about it) what the gel, he’s nowhere near here.


Brian: we can rescue Tommy later, we need to go back to the new yourk beacon and beat the carp outta Tarmac


Cambry: sounds good to me. LET’S ROLL!


Narrator: We pan back to space where we see Clichenie, Cashier, and Announcerboat traveling to Clichenies home planet. 

Cashier: Are you sure its here?


Clichenie: yes. My connection to this planet has grown stronger in the past week or so. There is a beacon there I'm sure of it. 


AB: Yeah I think you're right.


Clichenie: And why do you say that?


AB: Because its right there. 


Narrator: They look down and see the beacon. A large shield-like force field surrounds the nearby towns and such as the beacon makes impact with the crust of the planet. Announcerboat manages to dock at an upper portion and sneak them all aboard. 


Cashier: Gee whiz technology is just insane nowadays. 


Clichenie: We gotta find a control panel or something. Shutting it down is our top priority. 


Announcer: Ok well let's split up. 


Cashier: thats arguably the dumbest cliche idea that has ever been had. 


Announcer: Ok and?


Narrator: They split up to search for a control room or operation center. AB finds a room filled with vials. He enters due to pure curiosity and picks up one of the vials. 

Announcer: What the hell?


Narrator: inside the vile is a disgusting black goo that appears to be alive. For a moment it grows six arms and legs. 


Announcer: No way, before they would only be able to grow like two dozen at a time max! These are all secondemons?


Aquaman: Precautions must always be taken. 


Narrator: AB turns around to see Aquaman in his cybernetic state. 


AB: You look different. 


Aquaman: Permission to come aboard?


AB: Not a chance 


Narrator: Before the fight can even commence Announcer smashes a wall of vials, out of them crawl the miniaturized secondemons that rapidly grow to a normal size. Due to their premature state, they begin to attack the first thing they see, Aquaman.  
 
Aquaman: Awesome, I can work up a sweat. 


Narrator: Aquaman enters a combat form and proceeds to take down walls and walls of secondemons with little to know effort expended. The only sign of damage he wears is the stains of blood that now stick to his metallic exterior. In a short period of time he wastes them all away, but is upset to find AB escaped. 


Aquaman: My programming does not account for failure Boat!


Narrator: We now pan to Clichenie who finds a room filled to the brim with books and maps with a very futuristic sleek black countertop in the center. He glances at the shelves and then at the table. He presses it and a large hologram comes up. He sorts through it until he finds a file called “The Plan.” he opens it.


Clichenie: (reading out loud) After the beacons are activated and WB has made his way through, he will…LAY WASTE TO CLIGENIE AND CLAIM THE BIRTHRIGHT IT HOLDS?! Holy carp he wants my planet. (goes back to reading) Once the power of Cligenie is claimed the rest of the reality will fall. Jesus Christ I gotta tell the guys!


H: I don't think thats going to happen. 


Clichenie: have we met?


H: Who knows?


Narrator: We now head back to planet Chill. Now, with the other two beacons, the recruits remained inside the ships to manage things. However, due to their inflated egos, the winners pimp walk down the ramp and towards the defenders. 


Phil: Aren't these guys the enem-


Narrator: Barry backhand slaps Phil across the face, sending him flying for acres. 


Barry: Whos next?


Dave: you fool. You played right into our trap. That decoy was laced with lethal poison.


Chill: No Dave he literally punched Phil to the south pole. 


Dave: YOU KILLED PHIL?!


Narrator: Dave manages to straddle across Barry’s back, but is easily grabbed and restrained by Lambo and the others. They throw Dave back at the defenders. 


Brock: Great Gods of Cod is this really all there is? Couple of weirdos and some ice people? Man why couldn't we have gotten the new york assignment?


Jimmy: This was an order from the top, we follow it. 


Barry: Jeez way to lighten the mood weirdo.


Lambo: God I missed you guys. 


Bobby: I just realized i'm 51 years old. 


Barry: Look turd heads. Actually give me a second. (pulls out megaphone) Attention this entire planet. You have two options. One, sit back and relax as this weird pole does magic or something or Two, you can fight us and meet Lenny and Kravitz (kisses both of his biceps)


Chill: Well we can't take em obviously. I don't know what to do. 


Dave: (gets sudden realization) uh ok you win bye!


Narrator: They walk a short distance away as the winners begin working out. 


Bobby: Yo what was that? Just cause i'm 50 ain't mean I can't lay down some prison loaf.


Dave: What? No. Phil is gonna take care of it. 


Chill: What do you mean?


Dave: Over the last couple yes, Phil and I developed a sort of communication bridge telepathically. Like a mindfield. 


Narrator: How original. 


Dave: But I caught a glimpse of what Phil saw before he passed out. As he was flying he activated his boots, propelling him so much further. So, he should in theory make it completely around the planet and into the side of the beacon. 


Chill: Thats cool. 


Barry: Excuse me?


Narrator: They turn around and see the winners all posing behind them. They hold a mangled phil in their hand. 


Jimmy: Yea this guy walked into the beacon and triggered every possible alarm. I don't know how he did it, some of them were for rodents. The beacons activated so…


Narrator: They walk away and fly off in their own little ship. Phil is nursed back to health by Chill magic and bobby prison pills. 


Phil: Sorry guys. We’ll get 'em next time. 


Chill: There may not be a next time.


Dave: Man what happened to you only saying things like groot. Huh? Here you are making profound sentences and stuff and I remember clearly you included the word chill or cool in every sentence. What happened? You go to a speech therapist? You playin dumb? WHAT?


Chill: Chill out. 


Narrator: The losers are rolling back to New Yourk. Several bad songs have played which are giving them opposite motivation.


Larry: faster cambo! I don’t know if we’ll make it in time


Cambry: LET’S GET BROWN LET’S GET DOWN!


Narrator: cambry travels at rakish speeds and collides directly with the beacon, putting a hole through it. Cambry is now clinically brain dead for approximately 6 and a half minutes.


Brian: Where are those bass turds?


Narrator: the bootlegs show up very uncool-like.


Larty: i’m afraid you’re too late losers! 


Baron: yeah! The beacon has already been planted!


Larty: Yeah! Fear us! Take that…


Narrator: Larry burns Larty to a crisp. Brian sends a static electricity charge that brings Baron within an inch of his life.


Timmy: wow. That’s all it took.


Brian: yep. Now do it to your guy Timmy!


Timmy: Sure thing! WAIT WHEN DID TARMAC GET HERE


Narrator: Within the blink of an eye Tarmac’s fist is inches away from Timmy, who barely evades.


Tarmac: There are only 2 things I cannot stand in this world. 1. Someone hurting my friends. And 2, weaklings. You guys are the first to break both of those simultaneously. Your reward is a quick and painful death. (scream and activates golden gear).


Timmy: ah carp i can't become colors. Last time I did i became a darn crystal 


Brian: Don’t worry Timmy! It’s 3 on 1 we got this. (Pulls out shank and starts zapping up)


Narrator: Larry launches purple flames at Tarmac, and they bounce off of Tarmac’s abs. Brian throws the shank which too bounces off of Tarmac’s abs. Timmy starts concentrating to see if he can reach spice levels again.


Tarmac: Is that all you got? Pathetic.


Narrator: tarmac appears in front of Brian. Tarmac swings a punch at Brian, and Brian holds up the shank in self defense but it doesn’t hold for long, and Tarmac’s fist connects with Brian. Larry appears behind Tarmac and launches rage flames. Tarmac’s skin starts glowing red and he screams. He turns around and shoots a ray of gold at Larry.


Larry: (coughing) come on Timmy, you got this!


Brian: man this shank carp weak you’re lucky you got an upgrade from the writers


Narrator: Timmy opens his eyes and starts floating. A light aura surrounds him.


Timmy: alright! It’s been a bit! Now this is a….


Narrator: Tarmac gut punches Timmy and knocks him into the wall to which Timmy coughs up copious amounts of blood


Timmy: (angry) why you..


Narrator: Timmy launches towards Tarmac blazing fast but Tarmac greatly outspeeds him. He is nowhere to be found.


Tarmac: i'm right here!


Narrator: Tarmac appears above Timmy and knocks him into the floor. Tarmac sends a barrage of fists towards Timmy, to which Timmy deflects with an telekinetic barrier. It starts withering away quickly.


Tarmac: you’re weak Thompson! This is exactly the way things should be! I have spent countless hours trying to improve myself and my friends yet I always remain in the shadows as a “bootleg”. Your powers were once strong, but without practice they are nothing. Now I will cast you aside as true “bootlegs” once I defeat you all!


Timmy: You may have your “strength”, and your “hard work”, but I have something that you don’t. Cliche.


Narrator: Timmy sends a pure silver fist towards Tarmac and it sends him into the ceiling.


Narrator: you guessed it. The dust settles. Timmy goes back to the losers and helps them up.


Larry: don’t worry about us. Where’s Tarmac!


Narrator: A loud boom is heard. The losers look around and then follow the sound. They look down a hallway and they see Tarmac and the vegetables of bootlegs that remain and they are entering an elevator. Tarmac smiles an evil smile. The elevator door closes and they start launching


Tarmac: Brothers, was that silver I saw on Timmy’s hand?


Baron: Soulja boy off in this OOOOO


Larty: Zip it junior! Let’s keep playing bootleg poker

Narrator: The losers all kick the dirt in frustration. 


Brian: G dang it. The universe is toast!


Timmy: Could you say that with a little bit more fear jeez you make it sound like you left the tv on. 


Cambry: Uh guys, my antenna is going wacky.


Narrator: They look at Cambry’s antenna that points directly into space. Upon a closer look, the losers see that it is pointing directly at Hitman and PE, who managed to grab the side of Tarmac’s ship.


Larry: Follow them!


Cambry: Let's Roll.


Narrator: As the losers follow their previous foes into space, we see Clichenie encounter H for the first time. 


Clichenie: You think i'm just gonna lay down and let you take my planet? No way jose!


H: Every single time with you people. It gets annoying after a while. 


Clichenie: What do you mean by that?


H: I have faced hundreds upon thousands of Clichenies and they all say the same thing. “I won't lay down and do nothing” or “don't make me use my ripple break.” It gets old VERY fast. You know how many of you guys are actual deprived monks? Too many. 


Clichenie: What the hell is a ripple break?


H: Don't concern yourself with that. If you are willing to cooperate this can go very smoothly. I just need you to concede your connection to this planet to me and then you and your merry little troop can die the deaths you deserve. 


Clichenie: I read your little plan bud. And don’t flatter yourself, I know that this “WB” is supposed to inherit my planet, not you. Also how do you expect me to just give it to you?


H: Well the lore says that the easiest way to transfer ownership is through death.


Clichenie: Hold up. So you mean to tell me you would die just so that your boss can keep my planet?


H: Of course. He is the one above all. 


Clichenie: God that is messed up. 


H: Look, we can do the ceremony later, I'll just have to restrain you for the time being. (pulls out and charges hand weapon) Any parting words?


Cashier: I got some. Keep the change. 


Narrator: Cashier appears behind H and hits him over the head with an item scanner. While in a short daze, Clichenie uses some magic to bind H, preventing him from moving any further. Clichenie musters up a hyper condensed beam and as he is about to fire it Aquaman bursts in, blocking and deflecting it with his metallic body. He frees H from his bondage. 


Aquaman: Sorry I'm late sir. I had to tie a boat to the dock.


H: What did I say about metaphors?


Aquaman: Sorry, (smilies) I'll make it up to you. 


Narrator: Aquaman charges at Clichenie and Cashier when H raises his hand. He stops Aquaman mid leap using his telekinetic powers. 


H: No. They are of higher importance. Have them locked up. The beacon should activate any moment. 


Narrator: Aquaman leads them to a holding cell where they are reunited with Announcer. 


Announcer: This is gonna be just like infinity war isn't it? Just a complete loss on all accounts?


Clichenie: No, this will be different. It has to be. Also if its not, NOT COOL MAN. Spoilers.


Narrator: Sirens sound. The beacon powers up. The losers and crew have all failed to stop them. 


Cashier: Why do I get the feeling a loud noise is about to be hear-


Narrator: The sound of a thousand bass boosted man of steel world engines plays. The beacons on all three planets fire a beam of red light that intersects equidistant from them. The coordinate grows and grows until it appears as if a black hole is in the atmosphere. The portal grows to the size of a small star, as WB and his entire fleet begin to pass through. H is seen for the first time with an ear to ear smile. His eyes filled with envy and pure devotion. 


H: Ready the prisoner! The rest of the troops should be arriving shortly. 


Narrator: Clichenie is separated from the group as he is escorted to a balcony execution panel of sorts. He sits on his knees in chains above his own home, hope slowly fainting from his heart. Two ships enter the atmosphere, the winners and the bootlegs. The both exit simultaneously.


Barry: The famous Tarmac in the flesh. You sure you and Jimmy weren’t switched at birth or something?


Tarmac: You are everything I hate. A “perfect version” is the ultimate insult when you are in the presence of a mere “bootleg.”


Barry: you think you’re better than us? You think you’re better than MEEE?


Jimmy: Its like the fan fic I wrote…


Lambo: Save it for the- oh wait that happened already. 


Narrator: Barry throws a punch capable of taking down a fighter jet at Tarmac and he just takes it in. He is completely unfazed.


Narrator: As the winners and bootlegs walk towards the execution platform, a shooting star appears in the sky. They watch it as it burns upon the layers of the atmosphere. Normally it would not be anything to be concerned about. But, it doesn't burn up upon entering the airspace. It continues down and as it gets closer and closer it is evident that it is just a car that is on fire. Cambry collides with the ground with no damage however, just creating a small crater. The losers step out. 


Brian: what the gel? Where is everybody else? We’re screwed.


Bobby: AY YO we got here faster than a prison minute!!


Narrator: read above narration but imagine it with the defenders instead but its slightly less cool, slightly more buff, slightly more fat, slightly less charismatic. Yeah this line is ripped from endgaem.


Larry: WOOO Bobby.


Bobby: My 51 year old body should be unable to handle this!


Aquaman: please, as if more of these rejects is enough to face I!!!


Narrator: Suddenly a metallic thud, the volume of thunder rolls and Aquaman is knocked out cold. Hitman is behind him holding his normal laser gun.


Hitman: You're a terrible son in law.


Narrator: Hitman and PE backflip to where the losers are. The face off is in full force. The winners, bootlegs, and H, against the losers, the failure family, the defenders, and the antagonists. 


Brian: (cracks car knuckles) now this is more like it!


Brock: u got that right flake. (cracks own arm knuckles)


Timmy: JIIIIIMMMMY!


Narrator: Although his god powers are unavailable, his aura is undeniable and sinister. 


Jimmy: Oh dear god I gotta get out of here. 


Larry: alright everyone here? Wait where are you Cambry?


Narrator: the losers look over and see Cambry absolutely pummeling Carby


Cambry: ROLLA ROLLA ROLLA ROLLA ROLLA ROLLA


Cashier: (through prison bars) C-car platinum? Well I'll be…


Tarmac: well thats first blood. FIGHT ME TIMMY


Timmy: (cold expression) You. WAIT. 


Narrator: Tarmac feels a complete body chill, and I don't mean chill. 


Timmy: Jimmy first. 


Elmer: ELMMMEERR!


Narrator: Elmer cow tips himself into the bootlegs, disabling them. Larry activates heckabyte and proceeds to annoy the winners, spraying them with very fragrant perfumes and then lighting them on fire. Barry grabs his leg and slams him into the floor. 


Barry: Without your Timmy and his plot magic you stand no chance twerp!


Brian: (underbreath) electrozap, rakish speeds. 


Narrator: Brian speed blitzes Barry and Brock, running back and forth doing a constant barrage of attacks. When all seems well an EMP goes off, canceling out Brian's lightning. Aquaman appears behind Brian, trident in hand. 

Aquaman: Still in love with that fish bish?


Brian: (brian growl) YOU SICK SON OF A-


Narrator: Barry kicks Brian square in the back before posing and looking at his own biceps again


Narrator: Brian coughs and lands on his knees. Aquaman winds up his trident and throws it at insane velocity. Larry blazes by leaving a trail of deep red flames, and stops the trident with his Larry arms. Larry launches the equivalent of 3 minutes in the microwave of heat, and part of Aquaman's leg is seared right off.


Timmy: i thought yellow was for speed?


Larry: I'm colorblind. 


Tarmac: You done yet Timmy?


Timmy: That coward ran off so I guess.


Tarmac: gotcha. (screams and turns gold)


Brock: man i want someone to fight. I’m getting tired of snapping my own arms into place


Chill: i gotchu man


Narrator: chill jumps onto Brocks arms and he can no longer use them. Phil and Dave start using Brock as a literal punching bag. 


Barry: COME HERE CARS (leaps towards Cambry)


Cambry: AHHHHH STOP!!!!! (time stops, couple seconds pass, cambry narration) why isn’t anybody moving. I can still move. Oh tires did I forget to fill up my car oven with gas. 


Narrator: Cambry rolls out of the way of Barrys punch and appears behind him. (time resumes)


Barry: what the bruh?


Cambry: ROLLA! (knocks out Barry)


Narrator: While the good guys are fighting, H’s eyebrow starts to twitch as he gets annoyed with his troops losing.


H: (to himself) You gotta be kidding me. These are our best troops? Fine, I’ll just do it myself.


Narrator: H stands up to join the fight. He closes his eyes and opens them while doing the rock sly brow. The overwhelming willpower he possesses knocks both his allies and enemies to the ground. He lessens this force as he walks around the conscious but weakened bodies. 


H: (kicks brian) Haha. I have to admit. You did hold your own in a way against my subordinates. But it is all for naught. 


Narrator: he proceeds to walk around monologuing while Elmer slowly crawls to Cambry’s door with the little strength he has left. He manages to actually make it inside and hotwire cambry, reversing the effects of H’s will. 


Cambry: Everyones sleeping?


Elmer: Not quite. 


H: I’m afraid i’ve missed a target. (dashes towards the 2)


Elmer: Cambry, stop time!


Cambry. oh shift! CAR PLATINUM, ZA FUTURE!!!! (time has stopped) How did you know I could stop time Elmer?


Elmer: 1. I saw you move at unprecedented speeds against that one cool guy. 2. I’ll explain your lore later. But quickly, we don’t have much time. Quick, run them all over!


Cambry: LET’S ROLL! 

Narrator: Cambry rolls around and touches all the good guys or everyone that is of at least some significance. Time resumes, and H’s fist is centimeters away from Cambry’s bumper. Elmer pushes the buttin and they all blip away. They are now in the depths of space.


Larry: We had him Elmer , what the heck?


Elmer: There is such a thing as overconfidence Larry. I should know. And to answer your question. No, you did not have them. Their leader literally winked at us and we all fell to the ground. 


Timmy: That wasn't phrased as a question. 


Larry: WAIT GUYS!


All: WHAT?


Larry: We’re past the endgame now. 


Brian: Jesus christ man every line counts come on. 


Larry: Sorry, a little milestone I got excited. Alright Elmer, what's the plan?


Elmer: Hmm, well, they're after Clichenie, and they won't attack any other planet until they have him so- *gasp* we need to split up. 


All: HuH? 


Elmer: When we are together we are basically like a beacon, large, obvious, easy to find. But separately, we are like hitman, borderline undetectable. 


Hitman: yeah PE and I wanted to say thanks for grabbing us back there. You had no reason to but it was a nice gesture. 


Brian: So do we each just go to a separate 7/11 or are we just standing around? What’s the plan here?


Elmer: well, considering how this battle just went, you guys need to train even further. Well, I say train, but it’s too late for that. Perhaps it’s time I help you reach your full potential.


Larry: Like ninjago! how would that be done?


Elmer: I present to you, The Ancients.


Narrator: Elmer pulls up a powerpoint detailing the events of the ancients script, basically showing their past ancestors and prophecies etc. A few moments later


Brian: Ouch!


Timmy: What happened?


Brian: The kill code that Hitman put in me. I feel it, ejecting?


Hitman: oh yea that'll happen sometimes. Unfixable. 


Elmer: Well that settles it. We all have something to do. Hitman, you must go find another kill code for Brian, bring PE for some reason. 


PE: Just like old times. Still got it (spine cracks)


Elmer: As for the defenders and announcerboat, rally our forces. Help us build an army capable of facing that military might. 


Chill: Nepotism time. 


Elmer: I will teleport you all now, good luck. You will know once it is time to regroup on Cligenie. 


Narrator: Elmer teleports them all away except for the originals, Larry, Timmy, Brian, Cambry, and Clichenie. 


Elmer: And lastly, my favorites. 


Larry: Someone's playin favorites. 


Elmer: You all must go and find what I previously described, your true potential. Larry, master your heckabyte and such. I can send you back to Ballen’s dimension. 


Larry: Sounds good to me. 


Elmer: Brian, I will take you to the shrines. The thunder god will guide you once again. 


Brian: Thunder!


Elmer: Timmy, go to planet TTT, all will be made clear.


Timmy: Ok?

Elmer: Clichenie, search your soul. Find your brother and father. 


Clichenie: But-ok. 


Elmer: And Cambry? Figure out that weird spirit thing you got going on. 


Cambry: okie dokie. 


Elmer: You all saved me many adventures ago, and I don't know if I will ever be able to repay you all. But I do hope that our efforts now will make it all worth it in the end. 


Brian: Jeez you trying to steal my motivational speech?


Elmer: Cambry say the thing and let's get going. 


Cambry: Let's roll!


Narrator: They all part and we Hitman and PE back on earth in a Starbucks.


Hitman: Well this is unfortunate. That beanstalk was walking around with the only existing copy of that kill code. It took weeks to create. 


PE: Any chance theres someone else who can help us get it?


Hitman: Let's see (pulls out hitphone) Secondarys nope, bobby nope, tiffany radish?, oh she teaches my daughter, nope. *gasp* I GOT IT.


Narrator: He points to the phone itself.

PE: Your mom?


Hitman: What? (sees his mom’s contact is on the phone) NO no. We go inside the phone. There's a special someone down there that can help us out. 


Narrator: Using plotcebo/hair growth pills they enter the phone. Once inside they head straight for textopolis. They encounter the supreme leader eggplant emoji.


Eggplant: Welcome to textopolis, where all emojis of any frequency of use, HANG OUT. 


Hitman: I'm looking for (reads palm) an orange soda?


Narrator: Eggplants eyes widen as he receives the message. He leads them to a back room that is filled with blueprints and inventions. Out from behind a table comes PE 5.2 in a jumpsuit that is true.


PE 5.2: I told Timmy I didn't need saving. I'm a self sufficient princess I tell ya!


Hitman: Sorry to bother you but we need your help. 


Narrator: Hitman gets him up to speed.


PE 5.2: I see. So its a standard cybernetic pet gone off the chain situation. Happened to me in ‘09. I can get you a new kill code in three phone minutes. But whats in it for me? Yea, i'm selfish now. 


Narrator: Hitman and PE fumble through their pockets and PE throws some random object onto the ground. 


PE 5.2: Wait a second…IS THAT THE SCOPE!?


Hitman: oh yea you never gave that to me after our mission all those adventures ago. 


PE: My bad. 


PE 5.2: I can have that kill code out within the minute if you give me that scope as payment. 


PE: Normally, I would disagree simply because I crave the opposite of progress, but now that my PE pills are kicking in, sure!


Narrator: The scope is exchanged and they get to work. We now see the defenders arrive back on earth as well but in a random country in europe. 


Phil: What are we even doing here?


Dave: Chill went to recruit his planet and Announcerboat went to sway the secondaries, and you know they would follow anyone. I was informed that a potential ally could be meeting us at any moment. 


B-2: You would be correct. 


Narrator: They turn around to see B-2 drop down with two more Brian clones at his side. We now pan to Clichenie. He arrives outside of the kangaroo hideout in the up over. After being greeted like family he finds his brother training several kangaroos.


BJ: BROTHER! How long has it been?


Clichenie: Too long i'm afraid. I come bearing bad news. 


Narrator: They get up to speed. I'm probably gonna say that a lot in the coming pages, fair warning. 


BJ: Elmer said talk to dad? But dads gone. 


Clichenie: Yeah, but I've been thinking. Before dad died he said to call on him if I ever needed him. I thought maybe you could help me out with that. 


BJ: Did you try his cell?


Clichenie: No what sense does that mak-


Narrator: BJ dials his father and places the phone on the ground. A force ghost of their dad appears. 


TGC: Hello my sons. I have awaited your call. What seems to be the trouble. 


Narrator: YOU GUESSED IT. They get him up to speed. 


TGC: Ah. Elmer sure has grown since that battle all those centuries ago. So, what do you have to say?


Clichenie: Huh?


TGC: Well Elmer did say to search your soul right? Did you find anything?


Clichenie: No, all I feel is a rush of emotions that flee before I can even process them.


TGC: AHA. There it is. You said it yourself. 


Clichenie: What?


TGC: Fleeing. After all these years, all these adventures, you still run. Why my child? 


BJ: You know I never understood that myself. 


Clichenie: My whole life I have felt like a burden on those I hold close. I bring nothing but random shenanigans and even when I run wackiness follows. I want my friends to be safe, be happy. I feel I keep them from that. So I run, to no avail. 


BJ: Aw bro. You see so much yet so little.


TGC: Sounding like your old man. (chuckles) Clichenie. You are no burden. You are a gift. The joy and purpose you provide is immense. It is how you see yourself that is the flaw. Focus. Realize the fact you no longer have to run. Instead, you can soar with your friends, above the drama, the inconveniences. Be the you that you are destined to be. Search your heart my son, to find your destiny. 


Narrator: Clichenie enters a state of calm. His mind becomes clear and slows as he realizes his worth as a person and not a device of plot convenience. He opens his eyes and smiles wide. 


Clichenie: I see now. Thank you father.


TGC: Of course. (puts his hand on each of his children’s cheeks) You two have always been my greatest achievement. The twin princes of Cligenie are tougher than tough. I know you two can get through anything together. (begins to fade)


Clichenie: But what if- what if I can't be great like you?


TGC: You aren't great Clichenie…you’re greater.


Narrator: He disappears in a flurry of light. The two brothers share a glance as they prepare the kangaroos and such for the oncoming fight. We now pan to Larry who arrives once again in Ballen’s dimension. He notices that the world is fully intact, despite the fact worldbreaker had made it there as Larry left the last time. After making it back to ballen tower he encounters a hologram of Ballen. 


Larry: Hello I'm looking for the real Ballen please. It's serious. 


Ballen: Larry, this is me. 


Larry: What the hey? What happened?


Narrator: They catch up. Ballen explains that after WB killed him his consciousness was backed up to a holographic form. Larry explains his reason for being there. 


Ballen: Ok so what can I do for you. I already gave you everything you would need in that tooth. 


Narrator: Larry pulls the tooth out of his pocket and inspects it. 


Larry: 1. I can't just rip out my tooth. 2. I wanted to ask you how to master heckabtye. You said you got it to integrate into your body naturally. I need to learn how to do it if I'm going to protect my friends. 


Ballen: Larry we went over this. I already told you everything. You can't make the heckabyte integrate, it happens during a complete and utter emotional high. And I already said it. You can help-


Larry: yea yea help without fighting. But that doesn't make any sense. What use am I on the battlefield if I can't fight?


Ballen: You know, whoever design heckabyte did a terrible job with actual logic being implemented. 

Narrator: He grabs Larry by the shoulders, even as a hologram. Really goes to show how advanced he is. 


Ballen: I lost everything I could care about that day PE almost won. Everything. I rebuilt, I moved on. But the one thing I regret was that on the day my closest friends died I wasn't even there to lead them. 


Larry: what?


Ballen: In my reality, PE sent me light years away, similar to you. But, my thrusters got busted in the process. I couldn't make it home and my friends were left to die without me even getting to see them. You know what you can do Larry, be there. Be larry. Cause at the end of the day, that's all you need to be. 

Larry: wow. I'm so sorry. 


Ballen: Don't sweat it kid. I know my friends are smiling at me on the other side. I'll send you home now. Remember, heckabyte will only work in high intensity. Don't force it. Also take this. 


Narrator: He hands Larry a ring with the letter B on it. 


Ballen: If you face any of those monsters, use this ring once. Consider it my final revenge to those who wronged me. Give em hell kid. 


Narrator: He sends Larry home. We now pan to Brian and Elmer at the foot of the shrine of the thunder god. 


Brian: So what do I do?


Elmer: idk how about you read the shrine


Brian: (looks at weird symbols) sorry i don't speak italian (spongebob joke)


Elmer: (sigh). Ok, it roughly translates to, harness lightning and strike it down on the shrine or something like that


Brian: wow how'd you know.


Elmer: Turns out there were English translations on the side. I’m gonna go back now. You do your thing


Brian: ok. (claps hands together) cmon. KRAKATOA! (lightning strikes shrine, brian waits for seconds and nothing happens) are you kidding me. (does it again) AHHHHHH (does it third time and he flies back)


Narrator: Brian groans and stands up. Above him is a gimongus blue dragon.


Dragon: (telekinetically speaking to Brian) Back so soon, heir of thunder?


Brian: What do you mean?


Dragon: ah, you are right. I was mistaken. You remind me of the true heir of thunder, however, you aren’t him.


Brian: What do you mean?


Dragon: You are too weak

Brian: WHAT?


Dragon: Those lightning strikes upon my shrine were nothing that the heir of thunder could possess.


Brian: Look, I don’t care about how I compare to the heir of thunder. I start caring when you start calling me weak!


Dragon: Boy, you are talking to the god of thunder himself. I can say that without hesitation that you are weak. However, I don’t do this to belittle you. You and the heir of thunder share a thing in common. Unfathomable potential. However, you face one problem that the other one has already overcome and it is why you struggle.


Brian: What is that?


Dragon: Those lightning strikes were empty


Brian: empty?


Dragon: Empty. They were nothing more than flashes of charged particles striking the surface of my shrine


Brian: Is that not what lightning is?


Dragon: (laughs) Oh dear no. You know, what is your name again?


Brian: Brian.


Dragon: alright, brian, how would describe your character as a human


Brian: Well, um that's easy, I just. Uh. (thinks for a bit). You know, I’ve never really known what my role is with my friends. I have always felt more like someone standing in the background who comes on screen to do cool visual stunts and nothing else. All I do is get struck by lightning, fail to get a hitmanmaid gf, and get mad at aquaman.


Dragon: I see. The last bit you mentioned is very important. You see, lightning without drive may be powerful, like an impulsive slap to the face, but lacks for obvious reasons. It’s nothing more than a reflex. When there is emotion put behind that slap, that is when it starts to surge like lightning. When you summon the powers of thunder, you must feel the thunder. I know this is not unfamiliar to you. Of course, I witnessed when you harnessed godlike levels some time ago


Brian: You mean 52 trillion gigavolt levels? You saw that?


Dragon: Well, I didn’t necessarily see it. I don’t have to. My connection to thunder is so intimate that I don’t have to be there to see it. However, your connection isn't. To you it is nothing more than a tool, and your lightning powers can never get mastered that way. Everyone has their own emotional connection to the elements, you have to figure out yours. From what I can see, you are at your best when feeling emotions of…


Brian: love and hatred. Love for defending hitmanmaid and hatred for destroying Aquaman?


Dragon: Close. You have never succeeded off of feelings of rage alone against Aquaman except that one instance, and that isn’t viable when you can’t think clearly. The emotions of hatred you feel, my friend, comes from the threat your foe poses on your way of life. The jeopardy they place on your friends and loved ones is the true motivator for your actions. You were spot on about the love thing though


Brian: (blushing and doing the patrick head shake thing).


Dragon: My word is just that. My word. It is up to you to interpret it. I wish you luck, heir of thunder.


Brian: But I thought the other guy was?


Dragon: (laughs) perhaps my sight betrays me. Maybe you two are one in the same after all. 


Narrator: the dragon squints at brian and the shape of another lone hero with longer crimson hair appears. The dragon smiles and sends him on his way. We lastly pan to Timmy. He arrives on the planet TTT. It's deserted. He finds a village that has stood the test of time but is nonetheless in ruin. He kneels outside of a home. We see Cashier sitting on a cliffside not too far from Timmy. 


Timmy: (touches the ground) Now or never silver spray paint powers. 


Narrator: A burst is released from the ground and mirages appear, similar to those the narrator stone creates. Timmy sees the village in its full effect. Farmers and mothers. Those blessed with power carrying cattle across the village. He then sees the barbarian tribe wipe out the clan, apart from one baby boy, who is saved by Cashier. 


Cashier: I should have told you sooner. I apologize.


Timmy: So this whole time you've just been watching me from a distance?


Cashier: I made a promise to a friend a long time ago. That I would watch over his lineage. You and Tommy are the only remaining T clan members that still breathe. 


Timmy: Stop it. STOP ALL OF THIS. NONE OF IT MAKES ANY SENSE.


Cashier: What do you mean?


Narrator: Timmy appears to be powering up in a rage.


Timmy: WHY DOES ANY OF THIS MAKE SENSE. WE WANTED TO GO TO A CARNIVAL AND NOW I'M THE LAST SURVIVOR OF THE MASTER RACE OF THE UNIVERSE?! 


Cashier: That always puzzled me. You try so hard to be logical in a world that won't allow it. I think at some point you just have to let go. 


Timmy: (calming down) What do you mean?


Cashier: Well I'm not saying you should blindly accept everything unquestioningly but think about it. If the entire world, hell the entire multiverse, is constantly showing you it isn't the way you think it is supposed to be, why fight it? The only way you can ever truly use that power your ancestors have is if you accept the fact that nothing is as it should be and that's ok. 


Timmy: As Larry would say, we’re halfway there. Holy crap I said that nonchalantly but Jesus christ we made it to page 50. Larry is definitely going crazy right now.

Narrator: Very far away Larry is jumping up and down.  


Timmy: Thank you Cashier. The T clan is forever grateful for your loyalty. 


Cashier: I appreciate it. *gasp* Oh no. I sense Clichenie’s been captured!


Timmy: Then I guess it's go time. 


Narrator: All of the allied forces minus the major armies arrive back on planet cligenie a safe distance away from the main event.

Larry: (flips glasses) anyone uncover some deep inner feelings they wanna share?


PE: (slaps him) Time and place Larry. Time and place. 


Brian: Ok, Clichenie’s been captured, Alright here it goes


Narrator: As he takes a deep breath Clichenie appears with BJ.


Clichenie: Oh hey guys. Nah I'm fine don't worry. Those days are over I hope. I just needed to get us all back together and we didn't have a code word or group chat so…


Elmer: You have all done great. Does anyone have anything they would like to say at this time? Now is a good time for inspiring words. 


Phil: You know I've been through a lot in the pas-


Narrator: Brian literally breaks phils ankle and stands on a table to give his speech. Don't worry he gets healed a lot of people in the room can heal to some degree. 


Brian: (deep breath followed by a stoic expression) My comrades. In all my life nothing has brought me more joy than these adventures. I would not trade a moment for another. I am truly grateful for knowing all of you. No matter the circumstances, regardless the peril, my soldiers rage on like the eternal flame of valhalla, only to be extinguished by the honorable release of death or something greater. We walked onto this field as men. And together we shall leave AS CHAMPIONS.


All: YEAAAAA


Brian: SO TAKE UP YOUR ARMS AND PREPARE TO DEDICATE YOUR HEARTS TO OUR CAUSE. Fight onwards with no fear as we reclaim our friend’s home. Know that regardless of the outcome, despite your own doubts, when this battle ends, WE SHALL BE THE VICTORS. Now let's kick some bass. Cambry?


Cambry: Let's Roll.


Larry: (puts hand on brian's shoulder) Arguably your best work. 


Brian: You're gonna make me cry.


Larry: I doubt it (tearing up).


Timmy: Nobody is going to ask Cambry how his search thing went?


Cambry: Korega, Requiem Da.


Hitman: you heard the car let's hit it. 


Elmer: I have just the thing for the occasion. Brings out the remote that summons the bikini bottom dome thing 


Timmy: Me too. But I'll save it for when we get up there. 


Brian: Everyone ready?!


EVERYONE: YEAH


Brian: cambry, lets crack those car knuckles and let’s get…


Cambry: ROLLING!!!!!!!!


Narrator: they press the button and a giant glass dome surrounds all the good guys. 


Announcer: Ladies and Gentlemen. Give it up for the literal last stand for humanity against evil incarnaaaaaate. 


Narrator: The giant mechanical thing pushes them up and they are now at Planet Cligenie, which looks slightly fatter and more red than before.


Brian: Larry, status report!


Larry: on it. (scans) seems to be mostly the same guys, except H and Tarmac aren’t here. Seems like a good chance to start fighting then. RELEASE THE DOME


Narrator: the glass dome shatters. The losers start coughing from the noticeable drop in air quality. All of the sudden the winners roll up in Lambo blasting Weird Al. 


Larry: You guys move onwards to the prison and such. (smiles) I got these losers.


Brian: No problem Larry. Alright now where's the prison (sees Aquaman). You know what you guys go ahead (smiles) I’ll catch up


Timmy: Before anyone else gets distracted, defenders! Antagonists! Follow me to the prison. 


Cambry: pulled porkkkkk. (starts rolling slowly in Lambos exact direction)


Timmy: You know what. He deserves it. The rest of you, follow me, NOW!


Narrator: the losers all go to their designated battles/subplots


Barry: You know Lar bear, I didn't think you'd have the stones to face me again after I knocked you out cold with an elbow drop.


Narrator: The winners all fistbump and oooo in response to the burn. 


Larry: Oh yea? Last time I checked you got dropped from orbit and died a terrible death.


Lambo: Low blow bro. Oh damn I gotta go fight cambry i forgot. 


Brock: Ready to get rocked by the brock?


Larry: Save it for the games. 


Narrator: Larry suits up and proceeds to battle the winners. Larry sends shock spikes into the ground that stun Brock as he roundhouse kicks Jimmy. Barry grabs Larry by the shoulder and punches him dead in the gut with strength equal to that of a freight train. Larry manages to absorb the shot and send it back at Barry, sending him flying. 


Larry: Jeez. After this fight you guys might have to change your name!


Brock: Bu-but I like Brock. YOU CAN'T TAKE THAT FROM ME. 


Narrator: Brock does something incredibly surprising and breaks most of the bones in his body. They manage to fuse together in a strange way, giving him almost a spiky exoskeleton. Imagine kimimaro from naruto.


Larry: A bunch of those bones probably belong to my brian. 


Narrator: Larry forms a bone saw like sword with his left arm and flies around Brock in a flurry as he shoots bones at Larry. Larry lands behind him and as he sheathes his blade Brock's body lies in pieces. 


Narrator: Woah. That is as cool as it looks. 


Larry: Jimmy?


Jimmy: Yea?


Larry: You know how your story ends. Run along now. 


Narrator: He runs away in fear of the inevitable as Barry and Larry face off mono e monday. 


Barry: Don't forget I have a suit of my own. 


Narrator: Barry enters the gigabyte, a suit that matches if not exceeds the technology of Larry’s. They clash at supersonic speed and trade several blows but block the majority of them. At one point Barry lands a critical hit to Larry’s face, removing the mask from the suit. He is sent flying and is seen trying to get up. 


Barry: What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?


Larry: Was I supposed to say something after that?


Barry: Those are some lame last words bro. 


Narrator: Larry isn't worried until the suit gives out. His legs are paralyzed as Barry lands a barrage of heavy hits on Larry's chest, cracking one of Larry's ribs. He starts to remember the words of Ballen and realizes this is not the time. With the heat of a thousand suns he sends Barry back as he rises to his feet, melting his suit to climb out of it. He now stands a man with a heart on fire. 


Barry: I'm gonna rip the grand canyon off of your head. 


Larry: Come and get me. 


Narrator: Larry enters a state of calm as yellow flames encapsulate him. He outspeeds Barry’s punches and with a fist of purple lands a kidney shot onto Barry. Barry creates blue fire whips and slashes Barry from all angles. At one point they headbutt but neither of them are dazed, Barry because meathead and Larry because his green fire is working overtime to keep him alive. At one point Larry let's out a burst of red across the floor. 


Larry: Enough. I'm curious to see what this does. 


Narrator: his eyes and hands glow white with flame. Barry, while curious, charges head first into Larry who outmaneuvers and simply taps him on the chest. A yin yang symbol appears on said chest. 


Barry: What is this, a temporary tattoo?


Larry: Aquaman said the same thing before I casted him into the depths of hell. 


Barry: Well I don't see any hell doors openin-


Narrator: The heavens part momentarily and the ground cracks as well. From the crust of the planet crawls out hades. 


Hades: Hello. I have been requested?


Larry: Oh hi sir. Um I used some yin yang thing on this guy and you showed up. Any idea what that means?


Hades: Ah a son of prometheus! Of course. You casted judgment.


Barry: Judgment?


Hades: yes, where heaven and hell decide if you are worthy of either. I am here to say you are not. 


Larry: That's it?


Hades: Well look at him.


Narrator: Barry is seen having a panic attack.


Barry: But-but I always belong. I'M POPULAR. 


Larry: And now, you're ash. 


Narrator: Larry grabs Barry by the shoulder and presses  his other hand firmly on his forehead. It begins to sizzle as Larry burns Barry intensely. 


Larry: You won't suffer. Accept it.


Barry: NOOOOO NOOOOO. Alright Larry. I guess you really were-


Narrator: At that moment Barry fully disintegrates. Larry has successfully ended the winners minus Lambo and Jimmy. 


Larry: Please take Barry and the other winners Hades. They may be stupid but they don't deserve what the judgement said. 


Hades: You have a kind heart. Verywell. Enjoy the rest of this battle and stuff. Hades out!


Narrator:We pan to Timmy’s crew as they search the prison for Tommy. 


Hitman: So how many times did you mess with Tommy?

PE: Well one time I dressed as him as a teenager to gain intel on the losers.


Hitman: We should hang out more. 


Bobby: enough smawl tawlk look!


Narrator: They round a corner and see a holding cell similar to the one in the incredibles. 


Timmy: TOMMY!


Tommy: d-dad?

Narrator: Tommy is in a weakened state and passes out. 


Phil: There's a control panel here with three wires, a blue, red, and green one. 


Dave: Ooo ooo Cut the red because “red makes the system dead”


Hitman: No, you cut the blue, it carries the most current and plot.


Bobby: Nah fam, cut the green ‘cause prison.


Narrator: Without thinking Timmy cuts all three with his shank, his son falls into his arms. He is nursed back to health by the group efforts.


Tommy: Jesus Christ. I take it back Bobby prison is no joke.


Bobby: I know playboy. 


Phil: We’re just happy to have you back boss.


Tommy: Wait am I in charge of this team I forget?


Dave: Whatever you say sir. The reunion can wait we have a battle to win. 


Narrator: While getting ready to go they see baron walking across a hallway. He notices Tommy is loose. He pulls out a megaphone which is connected to the speakers of the entire facility. 


Baron: TOMMY HAS ESCAPED RELEASE THE SECONDEMONS RELEASE THE SECONDEMONS RELEA-


Narrator: Tommy knocks him out but the sirens blare. They feel a rumbling, and look outside the prison window to see a wave of awful. An impenetrable wall of secondemons ten times the size of Endgame's army storms the field. 


Dave: There's too many of them. We can't win. 


Timmy: not alone we can't


Narrator: Out of Timmy’s pocket comes a conch shell. He blows into it as a familiar howl travels the planet. The secondemons momentarily stop and look towards a mountain. At the peak is a man on an ice horse with a crown on. Chill. 

Chill: CHILL OUT!


Narrator: he charges down the mountain alone and as the secondemons climb up to meet him thousands more of chill’s people follow him onto the battlefield. As the two armies clash.


Brian: Looks like you just won’t die huh.


Aquaman: I wouldn’t count on it. I can’t until i kill your unfishlike self


Brian: ouch. That hurts. (bolts towards Aquaman)


Narrator: Brian is inches away from Aquaman, who is unaware. Brian punches Aquaman in the shoulder, and a sharp metal sound rings.


Brian: AHH! Did they put more upgrades on you or some carp


Aquaman: you know it! Now I'm 100% polyfishter steel. I don’t know how alloys work but I’m really strong from what I can tell.


Brian: Can it withstand… ELECTROZAP (zaps pretty hard)


Aquaman: (laughs) You’ll never learn, silly non fish creature. (sends it back)


Brian: (absorbs back his send back) I can do this all day pal


Aquaman: OH YEAH?


Narrator: they exchange energy multiple times before Aquaman decides to randomize and sends a random bolt towards some of the good army


Brian: HEY! I didn’t give you permission to do that. Keep them…


Narrator: before Brian is done speaking the trident is in front of his face. He grabs hold to it and stays flying through the air towards some chilleon people. He diverts the trajectory of the trident away and avoids them.


Brian: phew. OI! Keep this fight between me and you sushi brains!


Aquaman: What makes you think I’ll listen to you?


Narrator: brian snaps the trident over his knee and tosses it aside


Aquaman: THAT’S IT! (lunges towards Brian shooting high pressure water)


Narrator: brian gets sent back by this water but then remembers that electricity and water don't mix! He zaps the water, which overcharges Aquaman. He convulses and is probably clinically dead. Oh wait nevermind now he’s just at 2000% charge. Uh oh. Run Brian.


Brian: Ok narrator I got it.


Narrator: Aquaman in a rage starts shooting random electricity throughout the battlefield, taking out any small army it sees.

Brian: (to himself) shoot i gotta reduce this damage somehow, but my lightning powers are worthless to him unless they are 52 trillion giga volt levels or above. Hmmm. Wait. I think I got it. Here goes nothing. 


Narrator: Aquaman refocuses onto Brian and starts charging up what looks like a lotta damage.


Narrator: Brian’s eyes fill with blue and he points his hands towards Aquaman but nothing comes out


Aquaman: pathetic. You forgot how to use your powers mid fight? Anyways. (puts hands together towards Brian, nothing happens) What’s happening


Brian: Room. (Law accent)


Narrator: A dark blue aura surrounds Aquaman, and all electrical components of him shut off. Basically he’s just old Aquaman but in a robot body, but still maintaining the douchebag personality you all know and love. He falls to the ground from the weight of his parts.


Aquaman: WHAT’S HAPPENING


Brian: Since I can control electricity, I just siphoned out all electricity from  your surroundings, rendering all your electrical components useless.


Aquaman: Whatever! I don’t need to be a robot to be threatening.


Brian: Dude you literally can’t stand up


Aquaman: SHUT UP! All of this is because of that STUPID WOMAN!


Brian: I was hoping you would say that. (smiles and plugs in kill code)


Narrator: brian launches a concentrated beam of lightning equivalent to about 1 trillion giga volts, but due to the kill code being used, it increases 52 fold against Aquaman specifically. It took forever for him to finally be killed off but The Aquaman is no more.We see now the end of Cambry and Lambo’s duel. Lambo is on his last leg.


Lambo: I don't understand, my friendo gives me invulnerability to all cambrium based attacks. 


Cambry: That's the issue Lambo. This ain't cambrium. (friendo hand appears) its one hundred percent PLATINUM.


CP: ROLLAROLLAROLLA. ROOOOOLLLLLAAAAA


Narrator: Cambry pounds Lambo into oblivion using his friendo car platinum, sending Lambo to the other winners in hell. Timmy’s squad meets up with him on the battlefield.


Cambry: Hey guys. There's too many secondemons for chill’s army alone. We need reinforcements.


Hitman: hang on i'm getting a call (picks up phone) Hello?


Narrator: Hitman drops his phone as the army of textopolis exits it. 


Timmy: Brother!


PE 5.2: Told you I had a plan. 


BJ: Mind if I interject?


Narrator: BJ portals in with the kangaroo forces of the up over at his side. 


Kangaroo: HOP HOP HOP!


Narrator: When the tide seems to be in their favor, several, around four hundred, aquabots appear. They have no souls, complete machines. They swarm the battlefield and turn the tide of the battle. Chill meets up with them. 


Dave: Chill, your people won't win against these aqua things!


Chill: Well that's why I brought them. (points down the battlefield)


Narrator: one by one lightning bolts strike the field and from them come B-2 and the four hundred clones. 


Brian: (from a distance) They grow up so synthetically. 


Ray: America!


Narrator: Shirtless riding a bald eagle into battle with an American version of Excalibur is President Ray Liotta with a cyber spacey at his side. 


Narrator: The battle rages as two people land on the planet. H and Tarmac. Tarmac is in full chains as if he was a prisoner as his breath is rapid. 


H: Hunt.


Narrator: Tarmac begins to glow gold but his eyes are full red. He breaks free of his chains and charges at Tommy. 


Timmy: Protect Tommy! I got H!


Narrator: The defenders and antagonists gear up to fight tarmac but stand no chance. Tarmac walks through them like loose sand in between toes. They are all knocked away except Timmy who he traps in another crystal. 

Tarmac: You aren't even worthy to fight Me let alone H. (turns to Tommy) Those damn fish gods determined my death as a child. Today I change destiny. You...you mocked me in front of the great World Breaker, and only added on to my status as a “bootleg”. You cannot go unpunished. This will be your final resting spot Tommy, the last son of the gods!


Timmy: Let me out of this thing. 


Tarmac: No no no. You get to watch.


Narrator: Tarmac charges at Tommy, both are now powered up. They clash at incredible speeds as the gold and silver spark off of their fists. Tommy summons a shank of his own. He slices at Tarmac, cutting a large slash across his chest. The angered barbarian encases his hand in a horrid reddish gold and punches at double the speeds. Tommy is able to keep up at the start but he loses his edge for a moment. For a singular second he glances at his father’s terrified face at the sight of his son in danger. And in that single second, Tarmac lands a blow directly onto Tommy’s chest, sending him into the ground and creating a small crater. 


Timmy: TOMMY! (crystal slowly dissolves)


Narrator: The scream is heard by all of the heroes. Larry and Brian hear it from afar and start to approach from a distance. The defenders are all in shock at the state their leader is in. PE and Hitman stare at the body of their once foe. Timmy rushes to his son’s side. 


Timmy: t-t-tommy. Tommy it's ok someone can heal you. Because plot. IT'LL WORK BECAUSE PLOT.


Tommy: (faintly) it's ok dad. Sometimes, things just don't make sense. 


Narrator: And with those words, Tommy Timmy Tucker is deceased. The heroes are all in complete disbelief. Timmy holds his son to his chest and cries. And worst of all, Tarmac. Tarmac is laughing.

Timmy: (collected) What is so funny?


Tarmac: THAT WEAKLING WAS MY FATED FOE. BAHAHAHA. HE LASTED ABOUT AS LONG AS BARON DOES IN TRAINING.


Narrator: As Tarmac laughs the northern lights come down from the mountains to collect the soul of Tommy. The silver power is seen leaving him but just before it can, Timmy grabs it. He pulls on it with all of his strength, summoning his son’s fighting spirit and his presumably lost silver along with it. The northern lights pass. Timmy stands.


Timmy: tarmac?


Tarmac: (still laughing) what is it timmy?


Timmy: This is your end. RAAAAAAAAAAAH


Narrator: Silver bursts from Timmy and shakes the planet. H himself is aware of this power. Timmy skips the first stages and jumps directly to his most powerful form, Spice Eternal.


Tarmac: S-silver. Wait, could it be that you-


Narrator: before he can finish the sentence Timmy crashes into Tarmac with the force of a comet. They go off into the distance. The defenders and antagonists try their best to fight off the pain and face their enemies. We now pan to Brian and Larry who arrive at the feet of H.


H: You two really want to test me?


Larry: You and your boss are the reason Tommy is dead.


Brian: I think you should be asking if you want to test us.


H: suit yourself. I can’t blame you for trying. (martial art poses)


Narrator: Larry doesn’t skip a beat. He instantly unleashes a wave of crimson, and Brian creates a ring of lightning that surrounds the 3. It is hard to see, and they already lost track of H. Suddenly he appears behind Brian and kicks him in the back. Larry flies towards H and kicks him in the face with enough power to demolish a wendys. H jumps back to his feet and cracks his neck. 


H: It's gonna take a little more than that.


Brian: ZIP IT! Room!


H: Are you an idiot? I’m a human, not a weak robot like that Aquamoron.


Narrator: H starts convulsing and struggles to stand


Brian: You may not be a robot, but if you are a breathing human being I know you have electrons circulating around


Narrator: Brian is literally siphoning out his life energy via electrons whilst Larry casts judgment.


H: AHHHHH! YOU STUPID CHILDREN I’LL END YOU

Narrator: Hades appears from the underworld. H stares him dead in the eye and Hades retreats. H lowers the temperature of the fighting area to almost absolute zero. H begins to move again. The room begins to glow white and all the ice melts. The white flames die down and return to Larry. Before we pan back to Timmy, for the first time I would like to issue a formal warning. I have existed across a trillion lifetimes, observing the creation and destruction of every conceivable concept. I have watched kings rise to power and gods fall. But in all my eons of narration, my endless life, this fated battle of the last son of the gods and the false deity of a failed dimension excels all-


Timmy: TARMAC YOU BASS TURD


Narrator: Timmy is still flying off planet into the cosmos, with every star and planet they come across he drags Tarmac through. After what feels like ages for Tarmac, Timmy manages to bring him to the literal edge of the universe. He let's tarmac go.


Tarmac: You fool. You should've kept me on your arm. Now I'll end you!


Narrator: Tarmac lobs a throw at Timmy but it is almost as if Tarmac is moving in slow motion. 


Timmy: Why would fate ordain a brute like you to live, OVER MY SON!


Narrator: At speeds that surpass light he open hand jabs Tarmac across his entire body. As time begins to flow normally again Tarmac spits up blood and collapses onto his knees. His pulse is weakened. He crumbles onto the floor. Tarmac the barbarian is dea-


Timmy: Not yet.


Narrator: Timmy reaches into Tarmac’s chest and begins to pump his own heart back to life. Tarmac is once again alive as Timmy’s hand glows the color of the cosmos. He punches Tarmac in the chest with the force of the ever expanding universe. Tarmac once again is deceas-


Timmy: HE DIES WHEN I SAY HE DIES.


Narrator: Timmy spends the next millenia crushing and reviving Tarmac. Thirty minutes have passed since they flew off from Cligenie but for Tarmac it has been centuries. 


Tarmac: (will shattered) Please-please let me die.


Timmy: How pitiful. Too shameful to live, too sinful to die. Alright Tarmac here is what can happen. If you apologize, a heartfelt apology towards the death of my son, I will let you leave and live.


Tarmac: I'm so so sorry. I apologize for killing tommy.


Timmy: (rageful tears in his eyes)BAHAHAHA. NO APOLOGY CAN RIGHT YOUR WRONGS! SUFFER FOR ETERNITY TARMAC. 


Narrator: He continues to lay waste to Tarmac for another thousand years in Tarmac time. Timmy then comes to a realization.


Timmy: The man you work for. He gave you permission to kill Tommy. Right?


Tarmac: YES! Worldbreaker is the one you want, not me!


Timmy: make no mistake Tarmac. You are the reason my son is dead. I will hate you till the day I LET YOU die. But that day will not come. I am going to end the man who hired you, but dont think for a second you’re free. 


Narrator: Timmy creates an afterimage double of himself. 

Timmy: My face will be the last you see forever. Enjoy your personal hell.


Narrator: Timmy flies home as the duplicate Timmy continues to pound away at Tarmac and resurrect him with the same efficiency as the real Timmy till the end of time. We pan back to the fight between Brian and Larry against H. Timmy reappears above them.


Timmy: Hey Brian


Brian: Yeah Timmy?


Timmy: TRANSFER. (small but concentrated zap)


Narrator: Brian receives the remaining lightning from Timmy. He is now Brian 100% mode. Aw snap


Timmy: WHERE IS HE (starts flying into any building he can find)


Narrator: we return to H, Brain and Larry still brawling. H is slowly scaling up in power due to this being the greatest fight thus far for him. His clothes rip off and the wills of the weak surrounding troops have been lowered, but H’s move is ineffective against the losers.


H: You two are immune to my will. I suppose this calls for extreme measures.


Narrator: H let's go of all limitations he has placed on himself and proceeds to whoop Brian and Larry with blows. Both of them are knocked down.


H: Face it, losers. You stand no chance against me.


Brian: (stands up and reaches his hand towards Larry) You are forgetting one thing H.


Larry: (grabs brian’s hand and hoists himself up.) This is a carnival cliche story, remember? (to self) Don't think just do. 


Narrator: Larry spits out a tooth that was knocked loose in the most recent attack and replaces it with the ballen tooth. The emotional high of the battle with the tooth allows heckabyte to integrate with Larry, giving him access to the ultimate armor, the plot armor. Brian takes this moment to plug the usb ballen gave them into himself. Theme music plays because of it. 


Both: We’re tired of being good.


Larry: Initiate recall. 


Narrator: Larry runs into H at incredible speeds while summoning weapons from the past. He shouts recall 2 and the original shank appears in his hand to do battle. Recall 22 allows him to use a much updated version of the mountain tornado frisbee. With his fist he punches towards H as the Ballen ring activates. Out of it comes a hologram of ballen in knight armor which hits H dead in the gut. 

H: why you-


Narrator: brian leaps towards H and electrozaps him with enough lightning to split diamonds. H is slightly startled by this.


Brian: SUFFER!


Narrator: Brain directs the lightning directly into H’s eye sockets, blinding him permanently.


H: YOU BRAT I'LL SPLIT YOUR ATOMS APART


Narrator: H sends the most powerful punch he can in a random direction. It makes contact with Larry’s plot armor. There is a dent in the armor but nothing else. H’s hand is now broken.


Narrator: H, weak, falls onto his knees and is shocked.


H: All of this. I couldn’t even beat these losers. I got so far. There’s no way I could’ve taken down the boss. It was all for nothing. Unless… (to himself) This is my last shot. (pulls out infinity gauntlet) GIVE ME STRENGTH OF THAT WHICH I WORSH– (preparing to snap)


WB: (crushes H’s hand) You fool. You have failed me.


Narrator: WB slaps H, sending him halfway across the battlefield. He dies on impact. We quickly pan back to Timmy who has returned to Cligenie. He kneels at the side of his son. Cashier is there. 


Cashier: What is it you plan to do?


Timmy: I have all this power right? I can make moments last lifetimes and punch stronger than a black hole. I can revive my son. 


Narrator: he uses the maximum of his power he can to try and revive Tommy but it has no effect. Slowly, the silver Timmy borrowed from Tommy floats away into the northern lights. He frantically tries to hold on to the last bit of his son he has left but the silver of Tommy floats away, leaving timmy in the same god-like state, without a connection to his son. 


Cashier: (tears in his eyes) I'm sorry Timmy. This is just like with T. I'm too late to stop it. I-I-


Timmy: You told me that I needed to accept this world and its strangeness. Well I am. I want Tommy to come back in the mouth of a stork or Apollo strikes him with an arrow to resurrect him. So why isn't it happening? Huh?


Cashier: Some things are out of our control.


Timmy: IT'S NOT FAIR. IT IS NOT FAIR!!!


Narrator: Timmy reenters a rageful mode, this time his bright white eyes filled with tears. He locks on to WB from a distance. 


WB: How dare you even think that you could take me down. How naive of you to believe that you can simply get power in a snap like that. If there’s anything you want in this world, you must obtain it yourself. There are no gods to bestow upon you power. You must become your own god. Until there are none left around to worship yo—


Timmy: YYYOOOOOUUUU!


Narrator: Timmy flies towards WB at mach 20 and winds back his fist. A flash of silver unlike any other flashes the sky like planet sized fireworks.
The. Dust. settles. Brian and Larry have small grins on their faces, but they fade at the sight of the two. Once it is revealed they are at a loss for words. WB is holding Timmy by the neck. Timmy has reverted to regular spice.


WB: I’ve seen it once. I’ve seen it a thousand times. In few realities do you, my old “foes,” not put up a fight. I pity you.


Larry: So you're the guy huh? The fearsome world smasher.


Brian: No its world crusher. 


WB: hm. You two bested H? I have at times sent H to conquer planets in my stead. But, you two, you crushed my first commander. I suppose it's only to be expected. In the end he died a shameful death, desperate for power. He failed to see the path to true power. The path I tread oh so carefully. 


Cambry: I got no tread on my tires! Hey guys, have you forgotten about me?


Narrator: inside cambry is PE and Hitman. They step out and all face WB. The battlefield is silent as he is the last remaining enemy of the field.


WB: Maybe I was wrong about this dimension. This dimension looks just as weak as any other I’ve conquered. You guys are definitely stronger individually than any other group I’ve conquered, but it makes no difference. I will squash your rebellion, and I will take your genie. Do you have any issues with the plan I’ve proposed?


Clichenie: No touching without consent.


Narrator: Clichenie and BJ hop onto WB’s shoulder and cast rings around WB’s neck that twist his head around. The losers quickly pick up on this. Larry pins down WB’s left arm using the plot armor, Brian pins down WB’s right arm with the purest of lightning, timmy holds down both of WB’s legs with straight up godness, PE does a sick backflip onto WB’s shoulders and holds him in a chokehold via his own traffic sword. Hitman pimp walks up to WB and stops his heart with a special punch. Cambry starts revving his engine hard and rocket boosts over to WB.


Cambry: CAR PLATINUM ZA FUTURE! 


Narrator: Time has stopped. Cambry in slow motion is rolling towards WB. Cambry is up to his face when he sees WB’s eyes stare directly into Cambry’s soul. Out of fear, time resumes.


WB: What was that I felt? Could it have been…adrenaline? (smiles) No. Nobody has provided me with such a rush in ages. (laughs) Maybe this dimension has more to offer than I thought!


Narrator: the losers refocus, and WB’s smile grows wider. 


WB: BRING IT ONNNNNN!


Narrator: The losers all individually charge towards WB. WB raises his fist and Clichenie screams out.


Clichenie: STOP! I forfeit. If its my power you want then you can have it. But please, spare this world, spare my friends. 


WB: Surrender. How boring. Just as I was about to have fun


Narrator: WB casts all the losers and heroes aside with a single swipe. When i say casts them aside I mean bone breaking force. They are all relatively out of commission. 


WB: I don't receive. I take. 


Narrator: He lifts his hand towards Clichenie as to summon the power he possesses. At that moment two simultaneous but distinct lightning bolts strike the earth. 


WB: Some last ditch effort? No matter. Any last words genie?


Clichenie: yea. (smiles) Brian wasn't the only thing struck by lightning.


Narrator: WB turns around to see a brian with longer hair and a look of pure rage yet calm on his face. He holds in his hand a master sword and in the other PE’s traffic sword.


Brian: (in shambles) Holy carp he received my message instantly


DDB: (drops traffic sword) Pick it up.


WB: y-you. I was sure you would be gon-


DDB: pick it up. Today, I end this. 


Narrator: Excels all but one. The fight between the conqueror of realities and the bloodlusted thunderclap brimming with vengeance. 


WB: Fine. A pathetic death at the hands of a pathetic weapon, wielded by a more pathetic version of myself.


DDB: You don’t say. To get to where I am now I had to defeat those versions of yourself until I could do it in the blink of an eye.

WB: Well I hate to tell you that I have far exceeded the point I was at when I first conquered your measly dimension. The fact that you are still alive is the only thing I will praise you for. You should feel honored by that alone.


DDB: pfft. As if. (WB traffic sword appears in WB’s hands via DDB)


WB: (slightly startled) Alright. The one dark spot on my perfect record can finally be wiped from existence. They don't call me an enfor- they don't call me a worldbreaker for nothing.  


Narrator: DDB doesn’t say a word. The 2 stare at each other. Brian struggles to get up.


DDB: None of you move! Not one one more of you will die today! You will all stay put until this is done! This is my fight and mine alone. You guys can have your glory when we win. All I desire is this beast’s head. 


WB: How noble. (launches towards DDB at rakish speeds)


Narrator: WB leads with the traffic sword, but Brian blocks it with the master sord. DDB winces and launches lightning which travels up the sord and strikes WB. WB instinctively punches DDB square in the chest, and he is sent back 50 23’s. DDB is undamaged.


WB: I can already tell that you are different than the others


DDB: I don't care. This isn't about me.


Narrator: DDB lightning zaps himself and appears behind WB. he swings his master sord and WB catches it with his hand. DDB drives it further in and it cuts off 2 of his fingers.

WB: this is crazy! You know how long it’s been since I’ve shed blood!?


Narrator: DDB does the same thing again but WB catches on and grabs DDB. Out of desperation DDB headbutts WB, and both are dazed for a couple of seconds. DDB zaps himself to wake himself up and swings his sword yet again. WB late to the draw has no choice but to try to stop with his bare forearm. DDB slices through with ease.


DDB: This can’t be right. You are stronger than this. What are you doing?


WB: (laughing) it’s been so long that I’ve forgotten how fun a fight to the death can be! I’ve forgotten what pain feels like! Throughout all of my fights I’ve never even gotten close to losing a limb. But you are right. The fun should end at some point. Why should I handicap myself when I can just (concentrates and his hand and fingers on other hand slowly regenerate).


DDB: Regeneration? But you’re human?! This doesn’t…


WB: Oh man. Do you even know how many stones I’ve loaded up into this thing? You haven’t even got a clue on the extent of my power.


DDB: Then I'll just…


Narrator: DDB is now in front of WB. he quickly swings at the hand with the gauntlet. His sord connects. A loud sound pierces DDB’s eardrums and his arms quiver. The gauntlet is fully assimilated into WB now. WB starts laughing, and DDB quickly slices at WB’s face, nicking him in the eye. It regenerates in seconds.


WB: I thank you boy. I thought I was a god before I came here, but now that you’re here, I’ve realized that I have reason to believe it. After some point i guess I forgot how truly powerful I am


DDB: yeah yeah. I get it. Are you ready to fight or are you gonna keep rambling on about your god powers

WB: (angry grunt) Don’t you mock me!


Narrator: WB jumps up in the air and quickly directs towards DDB, rubbing him against the ground at cambry jet engine levels. DDB strikes himself with lightning until WB ejects himself. DDB throws his master sord directly at WB’s neck, and it pierces him. DDB calls back the sord and leaps towards WB aiming for his weakened neck. WB swings his own sword, to which DDB shatters with lightning from his other hand. WB swings his fist back and DDB tries to stop it, but it hits DDB in the forehead, and DDB is sent back. He is now bleeding. WB is still smiling


WB: I didn’t need that weapon anyway. All I need are my fists!


Narrator: DDB looks above WB and he sees that he is directly beneath a huge portion of space ship. He zaps it and it falls onto WB


WB: WORLD BREAKER!!! (punches above).


Narrator: the rubble falls, and DDB is alert. Slowly the pile starts shrinking


DDB: Do my eyes deceive me?


Narrator: the pile is slowly turning to dust


WB: It keeps getting better and better!!! WORLD BREAKER


Narrator: WB punches a stray secondemon which turns to dust quickly.


DDB: (to himself) you gotta be kidding me. More abilities. I need to end this quick, or else…


Narrator: WB is now very loudly laughing. The reinvigorated and lost feeling of adrenaline brings him past insanity. DDB takes a quick breath before again launching towards WB. He starts passively charging up lightning, waiting for a moment to unleash it


WB: WORLD BREAKER!


Narrator: WB’s fist connects with DDB’s master sord. Sparks fly up and a thin gash splits down the middle of WB’s face. The master sord starts turning to dust


DDB: STRIKE ME DOWN GOD’S OF COD (with sord pointed to sky)


Narrator: The master sord is now being regenerated


WB: WHAT?!


Narrator: The lightning that struck the now intact sord travels up brian's arm. A lightning dragon tattoo remains. 


DDB: It ends here. Before you take any more lives.


Narrator: WB punches the ground setting the battlefield into shambles. DDB is wary, but WB appears from behind and swings a punch. DDB blocks it with his sord, but WB’s fist slides off and hits him directly into the gut. DDB loses his breath and falls over. WB slowly walks up to DDB but DDB is up in the blink of an eye and behind WB. He swings for his normal arm and successfully cuts it off. WB swings a punch, and DDB ducks, and goes for the gauntlet arm. This time around he pierces a little bit through the skin. Before DDB can do anymore WB kicks DDB in the chest and he is sent back far. DDB loses his breath yet again. He is getting noticeably weaker.


WB: You’ve done well. But I can tell you’re almost done for. You’re gonna kill yourself before I end up killing you.


DDB: I won’t stop until I slice that stupid head of yours clean OFF!


Narrator: DDB strikes himself with lightning yet again, and springs off, but it is clearly slower than before. WB catches him by the neck.


WB: What did I tell you?


Narrator: WB simply throws DDB against a solid wall of rock and a cloud of smoke appears. Yep. the dust settles. A very badly injured DDB lays, slowly moving around, with a very, very slow WB, who is taking his time


WB: that was fun. I think it is good to cut it off here, because you clearly have reached your limit. I don’t know if I’m impressed or disappointed. I’m glad I finally get to eliminate you and clear you from my mind.


Narrator: DDB slowly rises and stands up. WB stops. DDB takes a few deep breaths while both stand still. DDB grabs his sord and stands tall. A huge thundercloud the size of multiple planets appears overhead. Multiple thunderclaps are heard and DDB is struck by multiple beams of lightning.


DDB: I won’t rest until you meet your end!


WB: Please, when will you losers stop?


DDB: (to himself) I have almost no stamina left. I need to unleash everything I got, right here! (outloud). GODS OF COD! LEND ME YOUR STRENGTH ONE LAST TIME SO I CAN BE FREE OF THIS DEMON!!! (starts charging up. The lightning dragon tattoo starts to glow as well). 


Narrator: DDB launches towards WB at unparalleled speeds at strengths exponential to that of 52 trillion giga volts.


WB: WORLDBREAKER! (throws fist at whatever the frick is happening)


Narrator: they collide and there is a shockwave of lightning that encloses both of them. DDB swings his sord at WB’s fist, splitting it down the middle. DDB braces for impact, and does a flip, cutting off both WB’s normal arm, and the one with the gauntlet on it


WB: WHAT! IMPOSSIBLE!!


Narrator: DDB is now behind WB. He swings his master sord at his head, but WB turns around with desperation in his eyes and headbutts the sord down. It penetrates through his chest. DDB grips the sord hard and sends a huge surge of lightning and pulls out the sord. WB with his regenerated normal arm winds his fist back as DDB swings his sord to cut off his head. DDB quickly acknowledges the incoming blow and literally readjusts the position of his internal organs via lightning and WB punches straight through his stomach


DDB: (coughing, with sord just before WB’s head)


WB: Why you… Who do you think you are. Do you take me for a fool... I have fought countless battles. I missed... But this time…


Narrator: DDB screams and swings his sord at WB’s neck. WB pulls out his fist from DDB’s stomach and punches right back through, gripping his heart in hand, and bursting it right there for all to see. The master sord is touching WB’s neck but it is still.


WB: finally. It is done.


DDB: no no no. I can't be done. 


Narrator: DDB begins to relive all the moments leading up to this. He sees his friends as they triumphed through high school, became power rangers, and went into the phone. He remembers the countless joys he shared with his friends. He remembers the loss. The soul crushing loss of losing everyone he cared about. He sees the faces of those he lost in a bright light, smiling. They reach out their hands as if to grab his. Before he can embrace the warmth, he snaps back to reality. 


DDB: (labored breathing) I…can’t stop yet. I…wont. I won't accept anything short of it. 


WB: Of what?


DDB: Vengeance. 


Narrator: An old wind fills the air. Brian begins to freeze. He feels a sudden surge of power then bam. He is struck by lightning. The power travels through him, creating a heart made of only pure lightning. 


WB: haha. BAHAHAHAHA. YOU'RE INCREDIBLE. I SHOULD'VE RECRUITED YOU AND NOT H!


DDB: Be careful what you say heathen, your next words will be your last.


WB: Bring it on. 


Narrator: They once again clash at rapid speeds but brian tosses his sword miles into the air. While WB looks up he zooms behind him and kicks his spine. The sheer force of the kick breaks WB’s back. He falls to his knees. 


DDB: That one was for Larry. And this next one is for Timmy. 


WB: HAHAHAHA. SUCH A PITIFUL WASTE YOU ARE. NONE OF YOUR EFFORTS CAN EVER BRING YOUR FRIENDS BACK!


DDB: I know. Despite that, I will end your reign of terror and right the wrongs you have written right here. Right now.


WB: DO YOU WORST. THIS DEATH, THIS SAD HONORABLE DEATH. ITS- ITS SO- GOD WHAT IS THE WORD?! 


DDB: Cliche..


Narrator: DDB jumps up into the sky and as he descends back down head first his sword floats back into his hand. Like a lightning bolt from the heavens, DDB strikes downward onto WB’s neck, severing his head. It rolls to DDB  as he slowly falls on his knees


WB: Incredible. In all my conquest. You have bested a man who has faced countless universes. I commend yo-


DDB: Save it. Your existence has brought nothing but dread and pain to my life and the lives around you. Without casting judgment, even I know, once you pass on, there is no place for you. Farewell demon.


Narrator: A single small bolt of lighting strikes the head, turning it to ash. The losers approach the collapsed DDB. 


Larry: You beat him. You actually beat him. 


Brian: I'm amazed. Don't worry we’ll get you healed up in no time. 

DDB: If its alright with you all, could you leave me alone with the Cashier? 

Narrator:They exit as Cashier enters. 


Cashier: You have fought well, champion. 


DDB: I feel as if all I have ever known is fighting. I can hardly enjoy the memories I have. 


Cashier: No longer. Today you rise a new man. Free of his demons. 


DDB: No, this is where I shall die. 


Cashier: What? But, you're still here? We can save you. 


DDB: I don't want saving Cashier. I want peace. I want to go home. 


Cashier: I understand. I yearn for that myself sometimes. 


DDB: (looks at the losers as they assess each other's conditions and tell stories of their fights) Do me one favor Cashier. Make sure those guys never separate. Make sure they know a good thing while they have it. Will you do that for me?


Cashier: You have done more than enough to earn a final wish. Of course. 


DDB: Excellent. I think I'll go now. 


Narrator: DDB sees the shining light with his friends reaching out their hands once more. He looks down to see not the battle stained and rugged DDB he had become, but the Brian he always was. He grabs their hands and joins them in the light. Cashier rejoins the losers and they all celebrate their victory. Before they can fully move past the battle, a funeral ceremony is held on planet cligenie for the fallen Tommy. A tombstone with three T’s on it is seen with the inscription “sometimes, things just don't make sense,” his final words. Timmy decides to give a short speech. 


Timmy: Hello everyone. Normally Brian is the speech giver but he agreed to let me have this one. Nothing makes sense. Cambry runs on every type of fuel, secondemon meat is not technically cannibalism, hell. Our bad guys are good guys now. But Tommy taught me something. While the world may not make sense, it's not our job to make it make sense. If that makes sense. Brian how do you do this? This is hard. 


Brian: (tearing up) You're doing great. 


Timmy: My son lived a full life. He made friends with the defenders. (all in complete tears) He was family. I know that the sacrifice he made was not in vain. I know that somewhere up there he is smiling down on our efforts. On the sunrise that is tomorrow. So, let us not mourn the loss of Tommy, but celebrate all he gave to us. 


Narrator: The ceremony continues and as Timmy walks off stage he sees a projection of Tommy in the clouds. Timmy waves and smiles, knowing that his son has taken his place amongst the gods of cod. The group spends the next week resting and recovering from their battle wounds. We pan to hell where we see the winners working out. 


Barry: 5001, 50020, 5 million! Dang hell is awesome. Its like the gym and the sauna had a baby! Wait what’s that?


Narrator: From the wall of the “gym” comes Jimmy. 

Jimmy: Oh hey guys. 

Brock: You didn't even lose why are you here?


Jimmy: Trust me, this is better than facing Timmy. 


Lambo: I'm just glad we’re all together at last. 


Barry: Yea, BROFORCE!


Narrator: They all brohug/fist/five and work out in hell for eternity. It has now been a week since the battle that would come to be referred to as the last stand against the darkness. We see Timmy holding a photo of the group together when Larry rushes into the doorframe. 

Larry: Its time. Come on Timmy!


Narrator: Larry leads Timmy to the others at a grand ceremony. A crowd has gathered around the large round table where the leaders of the armies convene. 


JC: The secondaries will participate in said alliance, because being Bobbyincluded is all we ever want. 


Chill: The people of my planet concur. 


BJ: Then it is settled. (to the crowd) Attention all! Let it be known that today, peace has been insured. The people of Chill, America, the Secondaries, The textoplolites, the thunder clone clan, and the people of planet cligenie have brokered a peace treaty. If a threat of this magnitude shall ever arise again, THEY WILL HAVE TO FACE THE MIGHT OF THE SIX ARMIES OF THE WEAST!


Clichenie: WITH ROOM FOR MORE! HUZZAH!


Timmy: (as the crowd goes wild.) Are we in the weast part of the universe? I'm confused.


All: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Hey where are the defenders going?


Narrator: off a short distance away the defenders are seen loading up their ship. Timmy slips through the crowd to go talk to them. 


Phil: Hey timmy. 


Timmy: You guys retiring now?


Dave: We thought about it. But then we realized. If Tommy saw that we gave up the minute he was gone, then his life was for nothing. 


Bobby: Chill is gonna meet us at the 7/11 later, but yea. We’re still gonna be the defenders of these here cosmos. We work under the weast alliance or whatever it's called. 


Timmy: That's wonderful to hear. I know my son is smiling down on you all. Thank you for being his friend. 


Dave: If you ever manage to find his spirit or something, make sure to tell him the same thing for us. 

Narrator: They all shake hands and the defenders fly off into the dark infinity of space. Timmy rejoins the losers as Announcer takes the main stage. 


Announcer: Ladies and gents. Now that the politics are done with, it is time for the main event, THE CROWNING CEREMONY. (crowd cheers) To bestow the crowns, give a warm welcome to Elmer the God Cow! (cheers again as Timmy questions where elmer was most of the battle) 


Elmer: Good day to you all! Today is a joyous day. Long gone are the days of struggle that plagued our societies. Together we shall march forth into a new age. An age of peace. (cheers) And to usher in that age, I present, The Twin Princes of Cligenie!


Narrator: BJ and Clichenie walk down an aisle in ceremonial and dope looking robes. They make it to elmer and kneel. Elmer pulls out two crowns of equal grandeur. 


Elmer: (places them on heads) Now come the days of the kings! May they be blessed. 


Narrator: The crowd swells and erupts in applause. The kings of cligenie stand and wave at the crowd. 


BJ: (to Clichenie) The Twin Kings of Cligenie? Was dad ever this grand?

Clichenie: Not sure. But I know he would have done this!


Narrator: Clichenie uses his connection to the planet to sprout beautiful trees that blossom and whose petals fall gracefully across the planet. 


Announcer: (calmed crowd) Thank you thank you. Yea those guys are great. To end this ceremony, the Kings of Cligenie requested an award ceremony be held for those who fought in the battle. 


Narrator: The losers' heads perk up like meerkats.


Announcer: To begin, in honor of his service as the chariot of champions, we award Cambry with the metal of carburetor. 


Narrator: he races down the aisle and accepts the metal which bonds with his exterior, giving him a retractable spoiler on his trunk. He stands in front of the kings facing the crowd. 

Announcer: Next, bestowed by hitman on the champion who bested The Aquaman, the award of best future son in law is granted to Brian Brock, The Heir of Thunder! 


Brian: (accepts award) Thanks Hitman.


Hitman: (scoffs) I suppose you earned it.(smiles as Brian joins Cambry)


Announcer: To continue, bestowed by Ballen via hologram, the award for excessive leadership goes to, commander dress up, Larry Ballen!


Larry: God they mess the name up every time. Thank you and such. (joins others)


Announcer: And lastly, in honor of the fallen. The TTT award of undying will is bestowed upon Timmy Thompson Tucker by President Ray Liotta.


Ray Liotta: Good job Tim. 

Timmy: At least it wasn't god boy this time. Aww darn this is made of plastic


Narrator: The losers now face BJ and Clichenie.


Larry: I can't believe your a king now!


Brian: i know right? He barely had any princely experience!


Clichenie: Thanks! 


BJ: The people of this planet and all planets are forever grateful for your sacrifices and efforts. 


Cambry: All in a day's work.


Guy: GIVE IT UP FOR THE LOSERS WOOOO. I KNOW THOSE GUYS WE GO WAAAY BACK!


Narrator: the crowd cheers and a bountiful banquet follows. Foods of all cultures and varieties are present and entertainment of many forms plays. The morning after Clichenie along with the losers fly home as the other allies head home as well. They all sit on the couch in unison.


Cambry: Hey you guys wanna-


All: SHUT THE GEL UP I'M NOT DOING THAT AGAIN!

Cambry: Jeez, I was gonna say wanna graduate. We don't even need to walk the stage, we just gotta get our diplomas if it's such an issue. Jeez you guys are mean sometimes I just try to talk and it feels lik-


Brian: (puts finger over Cambry mouth) Too late for character development bud. But yea he's right let's go get those diplomas and hang em up. 


Narrator: They roll to college and step out of Cambry in graduation caps and gowns. 


Timmy: Was this necessary? We literally just have to go to the office there's no graduation to have. 


Larry: yes, but awesome cap and gown tho. 


Narrator: They roll into the teachers lounge where they see all the teachers and are very surprised. They are all dressed nice and the teaches lounge is a borderline five star hotel room. 


Mr. Dude: Ah students! What a pleasant surprise. 


Mr. Sister: And here I was thinking you guys were hithory.


Mr. Sahay: You think everyone is history 


Larry: Why is everything so fancy?


Mr. Dude: After the events of a week ago, Ray Liotta came back and gave the world universal education. We have an equal importance as jobs like doctors and pilots now. 

Brian: Dang, this really is a carnival cliche story. Ain't no way education funding would happen anywhere else!


Clichenie: We’re hear to pick up our diplomas. Also I'm quitting as the spirituality teacher. 


Mr. HC: What why? 


Clichenie: I am the king of a planet now, I have more knowledge than the earth. Also spirituality wasn't even a required class I just walked in and they let me work. 


Mr. Sister: Shoot, now you and PE are both retired.


Timmy: PE retired as the PE/Science teacher?


Mr. Sister: Yea, and we are having trouble finding a replacement. 


Brian: Do they have to be good?


Mr. Dude: Nah, just human. Actually that part is a gray area too yea anyone will do. 


Brian: I got two guys for ya. (combs his hair with the chill pill)


Both: Jerry and Jimmy at your service!


Timmy: JIMMYYY!


Brian: relax Timmy. This one is different. A while back I did my own little solo thing and I met your guys' ginger counterparts, jerry and jimmy. (to J and J) You guys said to call if I needed you. Will you two be teachers?

Jimmy: Well I'm something of a scientist myself.


Jerry: And I can whip up a self defense course. Sure!


Larry: Is that just me but with a wig on?


Cambry: You see him too?


Mr. Sahay: Then its settled. Welcome to teaching. You two can live in the AB wing. 


All: AB WING?


Narrator: They walk outside and see a sister school to the college. The school is called “Announcerboat’s school for marine boatology and auctioneering.” He walks out to them.


Larry: Wow Announcer! This is great! You know, in another reality you do the same thing. 


Announcer: I'm very bada bada blessed.


Mr. Dude: Alright, here are your diplomas. Congratulations. You guys finished junior high?


All: JUNIOR HIGH?


Mr. Dude: I'm joking, I'm joking. You all have bachelor's degrees in cliche. 


Mr. Sahay: What are you going to do with them?


Brian: What most college grads do, watch them collect dust on our wall and never use them. 


Larry: thank you all for teaching us… thanks for showing us… you were teachers. 


Mr. Dude: A+ students in my book. 


Mr. Sister: you thaid it.


Teachers: class dismissed!


Narrator: The losers head home and hang their diplomas on the wall.   


Clichenie: Jeez. We’re getting so much closure. What other things do we need to resolve or who else have we wronged?


Timmy: Finally, a chance to use my chart. (pulls out a long piece of paper) I've been keeping track of unresolved plot lines and stuff. Let's see…Cambry and Richard?


Cambry: We’re cars now!


Timmy: Well that's all I got. 


Brian: You wrote down one thing? The paper is so long though. 


Timmy: Well yea the rest is just the script of the bee movie plane landing scene. 


Clichenie: there's gotta be something we can do. 


Narrator: All of the sudden Elmer appears out of breath. 


Elmer: Oh god guys this time it's serious.


Timmy: Was last time NOT SERIOUS?!

Elmer: Don't worry I called in some reinforcements. 


Narrator: Out of a portal steps two beings, the long forgotten enforcerdorf, and some guy. 


Enforcerdorf: Save some battle for me


Brian: AH THIS GUY TRIED TO KILL ME (begins to go 100%)


CS: relax guys, he’s cool. Common enemy leads to an ally. 


Timmy: And who are you? Wait, your voice sounds familiar. 


CS: It's me. Chet stevens. Radio host to the stars. 


Cambry: HOLY CARP IT'S CHET STEVENS!


Larry: So how do you work exactly? You always knew what we were doing. Do you have a helicopter or something?


Chet stevens: I'm actually a god of cod


Brian: Man if I had a nickel for everytime I heard that…well…I'd have more than one nickel.


CS: yea i'm from a subcategory of narrator or something blabla plot it doesn't matter.


Narrator: We’re actually cousins. 


Elmer: Enough of this! Our worst fears have come to be realized. Clunker island is alive. 


Clichenie: Holy mother of cod. This can't be real. Assemble the armies! Sound the conch. We need all hands on deck. 


Larry: I hate to play the timmy card but, why is that so bad?


Elmer: Legend says that long ago, the up over split, creating clunker island. Prophecy foretold that one day clunker island would wake and reconnect with its “sister.” The impact of the island connecting with the up over would mean (gulp) planetary devastation. 


Enforcerdorf: But there is one solution. My dorfs have received word that clunker island was awoken. Meaning someone else is controlling the island so that it can do this continental drift. 


Larry: Alright everyone suit up and-


Cambry: let's roll!


Narrator: They travel on Cambry to the specific ocean where they find Clunker Island on the move. The island is walking on all fours like a turtle.


Clunker island: I'M ALIVE. I'M GOING HOME. CLUNK!


Elmer: Before the fight begins, I thought its time you guys get these back. (hands them their power ranger morphers)


Larry: Oh you still had these? Thanks. 


Brian: Yea we appreciate the gesture but I can turn the ocean into lightning if I wanted and Timmy can manipulate matter like putty. I don't know if we need the morphe-


Cambry: GREEN RANGER READY. LET'S KICK SOME BASS.


CS: Not so fast. If we destroy the island then the damage will be just as bad. We need to take down the guy piloting it first, then stop it from going any further. 


Timmy: Ok. Tommy taught me this little trick. 


Narrator: Timmy grabs them all and they teleport to the control room where the island is being piloted. They see a man shrouded in cloaks. He turns around and lowers his hood. 


Larry: God dang it PE?! I thought you were done breaking bad!


PE: I am. I'm doing my job as a parking enforcer by towing this island. It was in international waters so, FAIR GAME. 


Voice: I didn't realize how strange this job can get. 


Narrator: The losers look and see another man shrouded in cloaks. 

Brian: And who might you be?

PE: let's just say…enforcing is a family business. 


Narrator: The cloaked figure removes his hood, revealing PE’s son in a full parking enforcer uniform like his dad. 

PES: Hey guys. 


All: PE’S SON?!


PE: That's right. We reconnected after the fight and have put aside our differences, becoming the ultimate father son duo. (rustles PES hair which he finds annoying)


Clichenie: that's good to hear but we gotta stop you. 


PES: they don't call us enforcers for nothing. 


PE: I'm so proud of you. 


Narrator: everyone prepares to fight when Cambry uses Car platinum to freeze time. While time is frozen, he turns off the island and as time resumes it falls in the water. It reaches out a hand and touches with the tip of its finger the shore of the up over, fulfilling the prophecy without ending the world. 


PE: Meh, good enough. Welp, back to normal parking stuff. 


Larry: See you later bro.


PE: (choking up) bro? (sniffles and wipes eyes) ENFORCERS ROLL OUT!


Narrator: They smoke bomb away. Enforcerdorf and CS part ways with the group as they once again head home. 


Larry: I don't want to sit down because before you know it we’re gonna be doing something again. 


Timmy: I don't think there's anything else Larry. Bill Corden invaded my mind during a nap last week and I put him into a little jar on our coffee table. The bootlegs are actually rebuilding their world instead of accepting the term bootleg. Our parents are alive. 


Dark spirit: I had no relevance in the end


Timmy: Yes that too. There isn't a plot line that isn't resolved as far as I know


Larry: That's cool. Well then I got a place we can g-


Cruze: ooooo cambrryyyy.


Cambry: Oh carp


Narrator: Cambry is grabbed and sent flying into the street. The losers follow through the front door and see Cambry facing off against a female car covered in water and seaweed.


Cambry: Cruze? How did you escape the ocean?


Cruze: I drank it!


Cambry: (quickly in love but snaps out of it) Girl, you cray cray. CAR PLATINUM


Cruze: CRAZY DRIVER!


Narrator: Cruze pulls out a friendo that is just a very skinny guy covered in seaweed dressed as a taxi driver. The two friendos face off. 


Cruze: WATER WHEEL!


CP: ROLLAROLLAROLLA


CD: DRIVADRIVADRIVA


Narrator: CP outspeeds Crazy Driver and sends Cruze flying. As she gets back up, a tractor beam appears. They look up and see the defenders are sucking her into their ship. 


Phl: (intercom) We’ll take her from here. See ya guys!


Cruze: no. NO NO NO. CAMBRY MARRY ME. MARRY ME CAMBRY. 


Cambry: What the gel is your deal? You want me dead and then want me as your husband? OH I GOT IT!


Narrator: Before she gets beamed up he feeds her one of his pills. She is more or less fixed. 


Cruze: My hero. Now can we be together?


Cambry: No god no. You tried to drown me and on one of our dates you mentioned how you think 7/11 was a bad business idea. You're going to space jail. 


Bobby: (intercom) it's nice there! They got taquito wednesdays! 


Cruze: ok then. Thank you anyway for fixing me. I'll see you when I get out. 


Narrator: She blows him a kiss which he friendo barrages into the ground. She leaves with the defenders. The losers go back inside. 


Clichenie: You somehow have worse taste than brian. 


Brian: SHOOT! I have a date to go to!


Larry: But what about my final destination?


Timmy: Count me out too much dank. Also it can wait. The secondaries requested my god powers so that they can finally build ladders out of the canyon instead of climbing out. 


Clichenie: Oh and I have a job interview. I'm gonna be a lawyer! Sorry Larry.


Larry: (clearly sadder) that's alright. Good luck on your interview. See you guys later. 


Narrator: Without words they all simply leave. Cambry and Larry are the only two that remain. 


Cambry: I'm down to adventure a little more Larry. Where to?


Larry: (smiles a fake smile) I hear the carnival is in town. 


Cambry: Let's roll. 


Narrator: They roll back to the carnival in its original location. They walk the area. Larry finds the replacement genie booth with no life or magic behind it. They continue to walk and they see the imprint of lightning strikes still stuck on the ground from all those years ago. They go inside the Fried Chili Cheese Dog Restaurant. 


Cashier: Hey guys. Where are the others?


Larry: Too busy I guess. We’ll take a few chili dogs please. Bring em to the table if you don't mind. 

Narrator: As Larry and Cambry walk to a large booth clearly sad, Cashier grows worried. DDB’s final wish was that the group wouldn't split up, but from the looks of it that was quickly becoming the case. As he is about to intervene he has a vision of sorts. He smiles and brings an abundance of food to their table and sits down with them. 


Cashier: You've forgotten Larry. This is a carnival cliche story, remember? Some not so random guy will walk in here and sit down with us. You know why? 


Larry: Because plot?


Clichenie: (busts into the room) I'M THE GREAT CLICHENIE AND I'LL BE YOUR FRIEND. (sits down with them) The job will always be there. Moments like these are harder to come by. 


Cambry: I've decided I don't want to be human again. 


Clichenie: A little late for that bud. 


Timmy: Someone say a little late? (timmy enters and sits down with the group) 


Larry: but what about the secondaries?


Timmy: They can climb. It'll put some hair on their sunken chests. 


Larry: Do you guys know where Brian is?


Timmy: i think he is still on his date(they look out the window, lighting strike)


Brian: She understands. Her dad on the other hand…


Hitman: (on ceiling)Thin ice Brock. Thin. Ice.(drops down and sits w group)


Larry: Thanks guys. This really means a lot. There isn't much that could rui-


PE: YOU'RE ALL UNDER ARREST! Nah i'm just messing. Mind if I join?


Clichenie: Of course. 


AB: (enters via door but breaks doorframe since boat) Permission to dock?


PE: You're gonna have to pay for that. 


Elmer: (appears and gazes at the sight of them all together) never in my wildest dreams did I think it would all turn out this way.


Timmy: Really? I don't wanna brag but I kinda predicted the ending. 


Larry: Glad to see some things never change. That’s troutastic timmy.


Brian: Speaking of troutastic, remember when you all shrank into my body?


All: which time? (wild laughter)


Narrator: And so, the friends continued to talk the night away, reliving their greatest moments as friends and foes. That night, they all learned that some bonds are unbreakable and lifelong. They learned to appreciate a good thing while they had it, just as DDB hoped. Hah! I suppose this did end in a cliche didn't it. Thank you all for reading. It has been a true pleasure to tell this story. We all hope you enjoyed this…this…this carnival cliche.


The End.


Everyone: NOT SPONSORED BY ANYTHING AT ALL! DON’T SUE US