
Narrator: It has been 15 candy corns spat out since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge are just entering their schools and receive their schedules. Due to plot, they all had the exact same classes


Cambry: So our first period is… Lunch


Everyone else: Me too!


Timmy: Wait, why is Cambry going to school


Larry and Brian: Shut up Timmy, have some fun


Narrator: They eat their lunch. During lunch they meet fascinating people, such as Ijaz, the other Ijaz, and Kushnazz! And, surprisingly, they meet the parking enforcer


Larry: What are you doing here?


PE: Yeah I know I'm 37 but I needed a legit reason to harass you kids. So, I go here.


Brian: Damage, now we have a Cliche High School Bully.


Timmy: Okay so our next class is… 2nd period P.E.


Narrator: They make their way to gym.


Larry: Yes! According to this scale, I’m clinically underweight!


Cambry: Me too


Brian: Damage, it says I’m clinically overweight


Everyone: Nobody cares!


Narrator: Did I mention I'm going to this school.


Everyone: Radical


Narrator: Whatever, on their first day of school they were chosen to run the mile.


Larry: I got this. My custom Elmer’s grant me extra speed.


Timmy: Couldn't we just call Elmer and ride our way to the finish (begins to pull out shell)


Brian: Are you crazy, if we get caught using performance enhancing bulls we could be sent to different schools.


Timmy: You’re right.


Narrator: They begin to run the mile and Larry is in the very front. All of the sudden Cambry just rolls by. They all meet at the finish line.

Larry: Nice Cambry.


Cambry: Thanks you too we both got into the 52 minute mile club.


Narrator: There next class was 3rd period Science with Mr. E


Brian: I heard that this Mr. E is the most hardcore teacher ever to graze the Earth.


Narrator: They all walk into the classroom and are placed at the same table due to plot. The teacher walks in and is none other than..


PE: Hello class I'm Mr. E and I'll be your teacher.


Brian: PE what are you doing?


PE: I also qualify as a teacher. Now open your textbooks to P.25: Logic


Narrator: They all gasp


Larry: What is that foul word?


Timmy: I wouldn’t mind if he said that word a few more time!


Others: Shut up you ignorant slug,


Brian: Guys let's hear him out.


PE: Logic is when something makes sense




Timmy: I love this teacher already


PE: Logic is when something makes sense and… isn’t cliche


Brian: (Screaming) DEMON YOU HAVE BEEN BARBECUING WITH BEELZEBUB FOR TOO LONG!


PE: Ok ok, we will move on to Chapter 25: Atoms


Timmy: Explain


PE: Well everything is made up of atoms.


Timmy: What about things that aren't made of atoms.


PE: What do you mean?

Timmy: What about textopolis? It is smaller than an atom.


PE: Ok smart alec (Bell Rings) Class dismissed.


Brian: Remember, we can't talk about our fabulous adventures. These scrubs don't understand.


Timmy: I keep forgetting.


Clichenie: Whatever, our next class is Period 4 math with Mr. D. Yeah I know you didn't see me in the past couple periods. I pop in and out.


Mr. D: Hello class take a seat.


Larry: You look familiar. What is your full name?


Mr. D: Pub Dude. Its italian.


Brian: Hey me and my friends helped you get your pork wings a long time ago.


Mr. D: Thank you guys. Now I have closure. Anyway, today we will discuss the hypotenuse, or the line segment of the triangle that doesn't make up the right angle.


Brian: One of these days I’m gonna use one of those

Narrator: They exit their class and make it to 5th period History with Mr. Sister.


Timmy: I'm not even gonna ask.


MS: Today we’re gonna learn about the Elmer Purchase. This purchase was important because it supplied glue throughout the colonies.


Narrator: They make it all the way to 6th period Second Lunch. 


Brian: This class is the best.

Larry: Hey look at that sign up sheet for the battle of the bands.


Brian: No, none of us can play any instruments.


Larry: Come on, it's today only and we can have a training montage and even write our own song.


Brian: Sounds Troutastic come on Timmy!


Timmy: Can I play the air guitar?


All: Gel Yeah


Cambry: Can I play the keyboard?


All: Gel Yeah


Brian: I think I should play the bass.


All: Gel Yeah


Larry: I guess that means I'm on the drums. If clichenie shows up again he can be the lead singer. Until then, Brian, you are the lead singer.


Brian: Gel Yeah


Larry: Are we gonna take it?


All: GEL NO!


Timmy: Let's get to practice.


Narrator: Cue the training montage.


Brian: Whoa, those training montages really work.


Larry: Yeah and it has only been five minutes. And guess what, the battle of the bands starts right now.


Mr. D: Welcome to the battle of the bands, our first band is the enforcer squad.


Narrator: PE walks onto stage with his crew. They are all dressed in white suits with strobe lights in the background.


Timmy: How do we beat that?


Larry: I have an idea, but it's a little risky.


Narrator: They whisper the plan to each other.


Mr. D: Thank you enforcer squad. Our next contestant is the Loser Lounge?


Narrator: They make their way onto stage.


All: It’s morphin time!


Narrator: They all morph into their powur ranger costumes. Cambry shoots lasers into the crowd and they perform their song. Everyone applauds.


All: We aren't going to college! We aren't going to college! We aren't going to college anymore!


Mr. D: Thank you Loser Lounge! Ok, the votes are in. And the winner of the Stockdale freshmen battle of the bands is.. The Loser Lounge!


Narrator: They all celebrate with a HI-5.


Larry: I can't believe we did it. 


Brian: Yeah we have zero band experience.


Clichenie: Thanks.


Cambry: Hey Clichenie, the reason I helped them find you was because I wanted you to turn me back into a human along with my siblings.


Brian: Oh Yeah, but Cambry, we like you just the way you are. 


Cambry: Well ok.


Timmy: Whew, whatever, our next class is 7th period Spirituality.


Narrator: Once again they all sit down at the same table and their teacher walks in.


Clichenie: Hello, I am the Great Clichenie and I'll be your teacher.


Larry: I like this teacher.


Clichenie: Spirituality is being in touch with your spirit.


Timmy: I agree


Narrator: They make it through the period using their chakras and pressure points.


Larry: Clichenie, you’re an awesome teacher!


Timmy: I know, he has zero teaching experience!


Clichenie: Thanks!


Larry: Our final class is with the buffest teacher ever.. 8th period humor with Mr. S


Narrator: They walk into the science project ridden classroom and sit together once more.


Mr. S: Hello my name is Anahat Sahay but you will call me Mr. S


Timmy: He is so buff.


Mr. S: So, this is the humor class right? I suppose we could start with some light roasting.


Brian: Oh no


Mr. S: What's wrong?


Timmy: When Larry starts roasting he can't stop.


Mr. S: How is that bad for this lesson.

Larry: AAAAAAAAAHHH!


All: Oh no.


Larry: Brian your face is so red it makes the surface of Mars look like a pink lollipop.


Brian: Ouch.


Larry: Timmy your abs are so toned I could grate cheese with them.


Timmy: Ouch?


Larry: Cambry, your fat.


Cambry: OOf


Larry: Clichenie your turban is so large I thought it was a brain tumor.


Clichenie: It is!


Larry: Whew, sorry guys.


Timmy: My roast was barely a roast.


Larry:Yeah sometimes my roast turn into loud compliments.


Mr. S: That was breathtaking. We will now move on to bad jokes.


Larry: Oh no


Mr. S: What's wrong?


Timmy: When Brian starts making bad jokes he can't stop..


Mr. S: How is that bad for this lesson.

Brian: AAAAAAAAAHHH!


All: Oh no!


Brian: What do you call a ninja with red hair? A ginga.


All: OOF


Brian:What's the difference between a ginger and a vampire? One is a pale, bloodsucking creature that avoids the sun. The other is a vampire. 


All: FOO


Brian: Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!


All: Shoot ME


Brian: Phew glad that’s over.


Narrator: The final bell rings and they head home. On the way home they are stopped by the bullies.


Bully: Give us your second lunch money.


Brian: Why would we do that?


PE: Because if you don't I will arrest you.


Larry: Timmy, should we go all out?


Timmy: Gel Yeah

All: It’s morphin time.


Narrator: They all turn into powur rangers once more. Timmy blows the shell and after asking for consent they ride Elmer straight through the “bull”ies and fly home. 


Larry: Nice one guys


PE: (shouting) This isn't over


Cambry: Talk to the hand


PE: I thought I was 


Brian: Well, now that we live normal lives we’re gonna live out are lives as normal people to the school men!


Larry: No. That was the our last day! We just needed to make a script out of one day. Don’t worry, this next year is gonna fly by and next year, us Sofmores are gonna rock the school 


Timmy: So you’re saying the teachers or principal won’t notice that we’re gone the whole year?


Cambry: Obviously.


Narrator: Cambry pulls out his phone and starts watching anime off of Soggyroll. Due to his volume being at max, the sound travels all the way to the mountains of the Himalayas, which awakens the gods of cod/anime, which teleports Cambry inside the phone.


Larry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 12: Anime Adventure