
Narrator: It’s been 23 Asian F’s since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge has rolled into the Soggy roll app. They discover that Cambry was stuck in a bowl full of anime.


Cambry: it’s bootyful


Narrator: A loud ‘ow’ is heard. A cap falls onto the bowl with Cambry and he is trapped.


Timmy: Who did that?


Hitman: Me.


Larry: WHEN ARE YOU GONNA DIE!


Hitman: NEVER! 


Timmy: Whatever, what do you need us to do to save Cambry.


Hitman: Live out an episode of an anime.


All: NOOOOOOO!


Hitman: That’s right. And you have to go in the worst anime of all time. My Hero Academia: Shrek Edition


Cambry: I love that anime!


All: Meh


Hitman: Whatever, do the thing and don't screw it up.


Narrator: Konichiwa! Yo soy Narrator Kun. You are about to embark on another episode of My Hero Academia: Shrek Edition. All the characters have really bold features and very large eyes. 


Larry: We are in an anime


Timmy: Oh no. It’s happening


Brian: What?


Timmy: The five minute long intro song that nobody can understand.


Narrator: Cue theme song.


Larry: Whew that was long and painful.


Brian: Ok, we need to find a main character to follow around. It would speed up the process of the episode.


Narrator: As if the himalayan gods of anime heard him, the main character Deku stumbles upon them.


Deku: Hello, I am Deku. Today is our entrance exam to our anime superpower school.


Brian: Cool but we don't have powers.


Deku: Don't worry(pulls out tiny hairs) eat these hairs to obtain super strength and speed.


Larry: Meh what the gel


Narrator: They all eat a hair and obtain ultimate speed and strength.


Brian: This is awesome!


Deku: (bell rings) Hurry the exams are starting.


Narrator: They arrive at the school and the exam rules are discussed. All you have to do is make it to the finish line while battling challenges across the way.


Deku: I don't think I can do it.


Timmy: Are you kidding. We all have the best powers ever.


Deku:(whispering) I know it is just that we need boring filler to make it an anime.


Timmy: Mah bad.

Deku: Ok the exams are starting.


Narrator: The three two one sounds and they are off. Deku separates from them and they are forced to fend for themselves. They stumble upon their first challenge.


Larry: Who are they?


PE: Hello kids.


Brian: Damage PE why are you here?


Bully: Stop asking questions weeb. Now prepare to die.


Narrator: The bullies pull out laser blasters. They shoot but the beams reflect off of Larry’s forehead and back at them.


Timmy: it’s ironic how a man of law is legitimately stalking us


PE: Who do you think I am, a policeman?


Brian: you act like a policeman!


PE: too bad


Larry: Stop following us please.


Narrator: Using their super speed they head all the way to the finish line but right before they cross it the hitman shows up.


Timmy: Just leave us alone!


Hitman: Every anime episode has at least two fights and you have only had one.


Larry: Fine just pull out whatever super weapon you have to destroy us.


Hitman: Say hello to my Logic Ray. It makes you guys all boring accountants.


All: NOOO!


Larry: Guys we have to stop him quickly!


Timmy: I have an idea, everyone, merge your energy.


Narrator: They fuse their energy and are now at a standoff.


Larry: We need more power. Everyone scream louder.


Brian: Why?


Larry: Louder screams equals more power in anime.


Narrator: Both sides begin to scream louder and louder and louder. They both are about to fire when Bam! The end credit song begins to play. 


Hitman: No! I forgot every anime ends with a cliffhanging fight scene.


All: Gel yeah


Hitman: Well I suppose that means you can have your friend back.


Cambry: Guys I'm never eating another piece of ramen again(pluhs up ramen noodle)


Larry: Cambry don't do it, don't you do it, it’s already been in there once.


Narrator: He shoves the ramen back into his mouth. 


Hitman: Well what now?


Timmy: can all the bad guys leave us alone? We’re just gonna live normal lives and go to high school.


PE & Hitman: sure why not


Narrator: the Loser Lounge teleport back to the regular world. Unfortunately, I wasn’t specific on where they teleported, so they end up at an overpriced bistro in North Korea.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 13: North Korea Adventures