
Narrator: it's been 5 soggyroll accounts suspended due to overuse since their last adventure. The loser lounge was teleported to the wrong location and ended up at the wrong place completely, the heart of North Korea.


Brian: No, no, no, I left my microwave on.


Larry:(slaps brian) Keep it together!


Timmy: Wait, Narrator, can't you just teleport us again but this time to our high school. Or Cambry, can't you just turn into a spaceship and fly us home.


Both: Are you insane! Do you really think we could just go to a random place without having a crazy adventure! Grow up.


Timmy: God, ok
Cambry: Anyway, now what?


Narrator: In the distance they see a billboard titled Carnival Cliche 13:North Korea Adventures. Out of nowhere Past Cambry crashes into the billboard due to texting while driving, thanks GENE! The past losers escape but the debris of the billboard falls and opens a hole in the ground.


Cambry: Lets roll downwards?


Narrator: They head towards the hole. When they finally make it they all ask for consent then jump in.


Larry: Anyone have a flashlight.


Cambry: I'll just turn on my head lights.


Larry: Thanks.


Timmy: Where do you think this hole goes?


Brian: Probably somewhere of plot importance that will improve our backstory and boost ratings.


Narrator: He is right, they make it to the bottom and find none other than the parking enforcer’s cave.


Brian: Hey, I was right for once. Anyway, PE, why is your lair accessible from the outside, why is it in Korea, and please don't make us do something dumb.


PE: Three answers, I teleport here, I like Korea, and I won’t.


Larry: Good (looks up) what's that?


Narrator: They all look up to see a small piece of paper framed above his cave. He frantically took it down.


PE: Nothing!


Timmy: Come on tell us!


PE: Ok fine!(shows paper) It's a receipt.


Larry: Why did you keep it?


PE: I used to wait on tables before I became an enforcer.


Larry:(Gasp) Where exactly?


PE: Some pub on the side of a volcano.


Timmy:(Gasp) How long ago exactly?


PE: About nine years ago, when you guys were like six.


Brian:(Gasp) And who’s receipt is that?


PE: Well, long story. I was waiting on this one guy and his pork wings didn’t come out on time. All of the sudden three kids showed up and helped him get his food. He payed for the food but they settled the tip. They gave me 4%. Ever since I have been looking for them. A blond, an indian, and a flabby boy. I've been sidetracked following you lately but now I have my priorities straight. Why do you guy look paler than Brian?

Narrator: All of them are ghost white except Cambry.


Cambry: Yeah what's up with that?


Narrator: They turn around and get Cambry up to speed. He is now painted ghost white.


PE: You guys look dead, what's the matter?


Larry: Ok, PE, don't freak out.


PE: OK


Brian: Remember that we are friends and that you have stopped hunting us.


PE:OK?


Timmy: And don't lose your sanity when you hear this.


PE: Got it. What's up?


Larry: Well, we are those kids.


Brian: After our encounter we all got blessed by Elmer at the top of the mountain.


Timmy: Yeah, Larry became an asian indian, Brian became a ginger, and I (lifts shirt) got rock hard abs.

Cambry: I wasn't even there but don't lose your head.


PE: You're telling me that my whole purpose in life has been in front of my face for 13 adventures.


All: Yes?


PE: (laughing chaotically) I'M WORTH MORE THAN 4%!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Narrator: PE loses it. He starts flipping chairs, tables, and houses. 

PE: You're all dead!


Narrator: The room fills with darkness. Lighting begins to emerge from the enforcers hands.


PE: It’s morphing time!

Narrator: PE, turns into the orange cone ranger, enforcerZ2


PE: Foroz gave me a present a while ago and I have been saving it for this moment.


Narrator: The other four morph and they both charge at each other. When all home seems lost… EXPLOSION. The dust settles and from it emerges the great god Elmer himself in full armor.


Elmer: My children, enough!


All: Sorry my lord almighty.


Elmer: Your fighting is futile. You have little time on this world and you wish to waste it fighting like animals. Until you can prove your maturity, I'm taking away all of your morphers, you too PE.


Lounge: He started it!


Elmer: I don't want to hear it. I will transport you back to your high school. A year passed in the phone. You guys are sofmores now. After your next year of school I will put you guys through challenges to obtain your morphers once more. Farewell.


Narrator: They teleport to a high school in southern North America. It conveniently ends up being stockdale.


Cambry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 14: Sofomore Year