
Narrator: It’s been 10 expired sigbs since their last adventure. Conveniently, the whole loser lounge all got the exact same schedule, as well as a complimentary Carnival Cliche 10 script.


Timmy: Do you think this luck of us getting the same schedule is gonna continue for the rest of high school?


Larry: Timmy are you joking that would be plot convenience and that doesn't belong in these scripts


Brian: darn leedle 


Cambry: Let’s roll


Pe: hi guys


Larry: Leave us alone!


Pe: NO! I work here, remember?


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: they roll into 1st period lunch. Upon further inspection of their schedules, there is one thing different from last year… There's a 3rd lunch.


Larry: what class do we have next?


Brian: 3rd lunch


Timmy: What about 2nd lunch?


Larry: Timmy why do you think we need 3 lunches. You're fat. Also, 2nd lunch is later


Timmy: why is 3rd lunch before 2nd lunch?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Narrator: the bell rings, and they roll into the 3rd lunch lunchroom


Cambry: I ate all my lunch in 1st lunch, what should we do?


Larry: wait what did you have for lunch


Cambry: I don't even know. It doesn't matter, I can literally eat anything if it's helpful for plot.


Brian: gel yeah


Cambry: let's roll


Narrator: they roll into 2nd period PE. Turns out they have to form an official NFL team in 2 minutes


Timmy: Oh, I thought you were gonna assign us something hard!


Larry: Ooh, Timmy you’re a sassy little girl aren't you


Brian: Wait Timmy, who are you talking to?


Timmy: The pe teacher


Larry: Wait, we have a PE teacher?


Cambry: let's roll


Narrator: they form a team, featuring only… themselves. They will be in a tournament against only one other team, the Enforcers.


Bully: Yeah, PE is also a student.


Narrator: The PE teacher(not PE) signals the first round and I immediately get transported to a reporting room. Looks like it's gonna be a long game. The loser lounge has first possession.


Larry: Huddle UP!(huddles) Thats nice, ok, we need a gameplan.


Brian: What will our first play be?


Larry: Answering a question with a question. Fair enough


Timmy: Wait Larry why are you in charge?


Larry: You guys all follow me around so…


Clichenie: NO they follow me around


Larry: not now mom


Timmy: Guys why don't we all just hop in Cambry and ride our way to the end zone?


Narrator: A few hours later…


Clichenie: I can’t believe we won the game


Timmy: I know, we have zero athletic experience


Clichenie: Thanks, who care
  
Timmy: I can’t believe they listened to my idea for once


Narrator: They now head to their least favorite class, 3rd period Science with Mr. Enforcer


Timmy: I just realized, why is a parking enforcer teaching SCIENCE?


PE: That’s 5 gallons of detention and extra homework for you!


Larry: You mess with one of us, you mess with most of us


Cambry: Let’s all roll to detention then.


Narrator: They roll to 4th period detention. They are surrounded by all the bad guys they have ever known


Hitman: Sup


All: Bambramage


Brian: are we cool yet?


Larry: We already were
Narrator: Then the detention master walks in. It’s PE.


TImmy: How are you teaching science and detention at the same time?


PE: Did I mention I have a twin?


Larry: Well that sucks.


Brian: Are you a twin pack?


PE: No. Ok everyone, hieroglyphics an ancient language of pictures. Does that remind anyone of anything?


Timmy: Yes, it…


PE: YOU CAN'T HAVE ANY GET THE GEL OUTTA HERE!


Timmy: Aw nuths


PE: GET THOSE NUTHS OUT OF MY FACE


Narrator: PE goes on his phone to play Candy Crush/Skechers app in the middle of detention like any good teacher


Cambry: Lets Roll out of here while he’s diss-track-ed


Narrator: They roll


PE: thank you come again


Narrator: They roll into 4th period math with Mr. D. 


Timmy: Wait, didn’t we have the exact same teacher at the same time last year?


All: Nobody cares!


Mr. D: Thank you guys. Now I have closure. Anyway, today we will discuss the hypotenuse, or the line segment of the triangle that doesn't make up the right angle.


Larry: I wish I was high on pot-enuse. Hold the phone folks I’m getting an important newsflash from Mr. Narrator. Go ahead Mr. N.


Narrator: Sorry but that’s not PG-52


Brian: darn leedle!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll into their next class; 5th period History with Mr. Sister.


Timmy: I'm not even gonna ask.


MS: Today we’re gonna learn about the Elmer Purchase. This purchase was important because it supplied glue throughout the colonies.






Timmy: I’m really questioning the education system in this school. We are literally learning the same exact things as last year! Why did you guys want to go to this school? You know what, I’m going to Independence.


All: Nobody cares!


Brian: You know what, I’m going to independence too!


Timmy: Really?


Brian: No, I just wanted to make you feel better. Do you want me to play a sad song on the world’s smallest violin?


Larry: Do do do do do d od ododo dodod  oddoooo!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to 2nd lunch


Timmy:  I think with 3 lunches we’re all gonna get fat


All: Nobody cares!


Timmy: Why does everyone keep saying that?


Narrator: Yeah, but you say it too!


Timmy: No I don’t.


Narrator: Yeah you do. Look at the script when it says “NOBODY CARES”! It’s says “all”


Larry: Good job narrator, you broke the 4th wall


Brian: Oh well, I guess I’ll do the booty scooty then.


Cambry: Let’s roll. They roll into humor with Mr. S.


Mr. S: Today we’ll review a type of humor that no one likes. Low brow humor (everyone looks at Brian)


Brian: Oh, I’m a master at this


Narrator: Mr. Sister walks in.


Mr. Sister: History lesson! Low brow humor was invented by Brian Brock.


Narrator: Mr. Sister runs out back to his own class


Mr. S: Ok everyone, your semester project is to do a low-brow dance recital


Larry: Uh oh, once Brian dances for his bees, he can’t stop!
Narrator: Brian proceeds to dance for his bees/booty scooti. 


Brian: WOOOOOO!


Narrator: A few gallons later


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Wait wait. Due to Brian dancing for his bees, he summons Barry B. Benson and his gang, along with Ray Liotta and some honey slaves


Timmy: How did this happen?


All: Nobody cares!


Narrator: Suddenly, the Loser Lounge is teleported into the courthouse, as well as the summoned bees.


Judge: Barry B. Benson state your case


BBB: Thank you. My claim is that us bees are treated as honey slaves and I'm suing for ♭9,986,00 dollars♭ in damages


Larry: That is a lot of damage.


Judge: ORDER! Now, Loser Lounge, do you have a lawyer?


All: Gel Yeah


Judge: ORDER!


Narrator: Out of nowhere Clichenie busts through the courthouse doors kicking them in like an action hero.


Clichenie: I'm the Great Clichenie and I'll be their lawyer. We object and are counter suing 10 gallons of honey for wasting our thyme.


BBB: What will you do with all that honey?

Clichenie: Who Care


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 15: We are in the Courthouse