
Narrator: It has been twelve easter santas since their last adventure. The loser lounge is being sued for using beez for honey


Timmy: Hey it’s not our fault you guys like making honey!


BBB: SHUT UP


Judge: ORDER IN THE CORT NOW! Sorry, I forgot to take my Soresto Soresto Soresto. Barry plead your case


Timmy: Wait….


Judge: SHUT YOUR YAPS


BBB: As I was saying, I believe that us Beez have been mistreated for too long. Exhibit A, that pasty boi. I call Brian to the stand.
Brian: I didn't witness anything though


All: Nobody cares!


Timmy: Okay brian remember, you want to help our case!


Larry: Keep it together.


Narrator: Brian walks up


BBB: Is it true that you moisturize


Brian: I ADMIT I DID IT. I SHOVED A BAG OF JELLYBEANS UP MY BASS 


Narrator: Brian is ashamed of himself


Brian: I’m ashamed of himself!


Timmy: Brian, it’s fine, that doesn’t prove his case.


Judge: Brian and the rest of the loser lounge is GUILTY!


BBB: I rest my case?

Clichenie: Hold up, don't I get to speak my peace.


Judge: Yes of course

Clichenie: I plead the fifth.


Larry: No we need this.


Clichenie: Fine, I call BBB to the stand.


Narrator: He swims up front.


Clichenie: Is it true that you are on the endangered species list


BBB: Thanks to you.


Clichenie: On the contrary, Barry, is it also true that bees eat their own honey?


BBB: No, that's gross, humans don't eat their own paychecks


Clichenie: So, my question is, why do you need the honey if you don't use it?


BBB: It's our lifeblood.


Clichenie: All we have done is given you places to make said honey and put it to use.


BBB: I suppose, but we are tired of being honey slaves to the white man.


Narrator: Brian scoots over from the group.


Clichenie: No, you’re too busy pretending to be the honey victim to the HUMAN!


ALL: GASP


Clichenie: All right, I rest my case.


Judge: Lets take a short recess.


Narrator:They all head outside to the holding cells.


Clichenie: I can’t believe we haven’t won yet!


Timmy: I know, you have lot’s of law experience


Larry: Guys I'm nervous.


Brian: Why


Larry: I forgot to do my math homework


Brian: Why can't you just do it on time like the rest of us.


Larry: Gag reflex


Clichenie: Whatever guys we might drop the munchkins if we don't win this case.

Larry: Ahem. Don't worry, this is a carnival cliche story remember, some random miracle is gonna fix everything and we will win the case because plot.


Narrator: The recess ends and they all come inside it's fun inside. In the Juan Carlos Corthouse


Judge: (under his breath) God I play too many characters.


BBB: I will now call in my final witness, Mr. Enforcer.


Narrator: Mr. Enforcer makes his way to the stage.


PE: I was there during hurricane tortilla.


BBB: That doesn't matter. Now, how long have you known these kids.


PE: All their lives.


All: Gasp


BBB: And have they ever done anything illegal.


PE:(smiling) Oh Yes.

All: Gasp


BBB: Can you list some of these offenses.


PE:(one breath) They stole a car, electrocuted a restaurant, parked in a handicap space, illegally broke into a Casino, killed me and a hitman ten times, illegally traveled through space and time, broke into a bar on another planet, make it to north korea without passports and many more.


Larry: Oh Damage


BBB: Your honor, I will lose this trial if it means these kids are put behind bars.


Judge: Ok, you are all sentenced to ten twelves in prison.


All: Aw nuths.


Narrator: They are all escorted to prison where they meet the Prison Enforcer.


Clichenie: I can't believe we won the trial and still went to prison. \


Timmy: I know, you have mediocre at best law experience






PE2: You guys better not revolt.


Timmy: Are you the parking enforcer’s brother or something.


PE2: No he just has a lot of clones.


Narrator: Surprisingly they all share a cell.


Brian: Guys, lets break out of prison and go back to the judge and clear our names.


Timmy: Guys, wouldn't breaking out of prison be another crime we've committed?


Larry: Timmy have some fun for once


Brian: Wait where is Clichenie


Cambry: I told him to run away so he could come back later and bail us out.


Brian: You ignorant slug, we have no money.


Timmy: Why don't we just make a portal that leads home 


Cambry: Are you really turning down a cliche prison break mission.


Timmy: Fine let’s break out of prison the old fashion way  


All: Sounds Troutastic, come on Timmy.


Cambry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 16: Prisun Break