
Narrator: It’s been 5 expired prison food canisters since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge is about to eat those canisters.


Larry: Huh, There’s exactly one for each of us.


Brian: So? I’m not eating this carp!


Timmy: Me neither! The canister isn’t even labelled, what if there’s poison in it?


Larry: Get real Timmy, if anything it would be GELATIN


Brian: Or lard


Cambry: Can I eat your guy’s food? 


Larry: Okay, but leave one for Clichenie just in case he wants one.


Narrator: Cambry inhales the canisters


Larry: What was in it?


Cambry: I don’t know, but I’m never eating it ever again.


Narrator: Cambry pluhs out a canister, then inhales it.


Timmy: Why do we put this filler in our quality films?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Larry: Hey, where did our canisters of food go?


Brian: Yeah, did someone eat them all?


Timmy: You guys said Cambry could eat them


Larry: When did I say that? Cambry why’d you eat all of our food?!


Brian: (to cambry) you’re fat


Cambry: I’m sorry!

Larry: You’re banned from our group


Cambry: Wow this is giving me lots of energy! Let’s roll!


Narrator: Suddenly, Cambry rolls through the wall and rolls off to Mexico.


Larry: Wait CAMBRY! Why did he ride off like that?


Timmy: You said he was banned!


Larry: Not now mom!


Timmy:  Wait guys we can escape using the hole Cambry made!


Brian: Why would we go that way? We need to add more filler!


Larry: I know! We can use spoons to dig our way out. That’s what they do in every prison escape movie!


Timmy: One problem, none of us have spoons.


Narrator: Suddenly a voice booms from the sky


Clichenie: Clichadle, Clichoodle, take some spoons.


All: Thanks Clichenie!


Larry: Good thing these are plastic spoons!


Timmy: Why is that a good thing?


Brian: Shut up Timmy they taste good


Larry: Wait guys digging our way out with spoons is stupid!


Timmy: Thank you.


Larry: Instead, we’ll form a used spoon selling business to earn enough robux money to bail us out of jail


Brian: One problem, how do we make a business


Timmy: Hey guys, I found a DVD labelled Cousin Neil teaches how to make Money Fa$t


Larry: hot


Brian: Where should we set up shop?


Larry: How about a random boardwalk?


Timmy: Wait, why would we go to a boardwalk to bail ourselves out if we already escaped prison? Can’t we just leave?


Brian: Yeah sure.


Narrator: Suddenly Cambry rolls back. He has maracas, a sombrero and some illegal Flex Seal that jumped over the border.


Cambry: Yo soy Cambry. 


Narrator: Cambry seals the hole that he made.


Brian: You just sealed the hole in my soul


Larry: You shouldn’t be talking


Timmy: Wait Cambry aren’t you gonna help us?


Cambry: yeah sure


Narrator: Cambry rolls through the wall that dried and had patience. Suddenly the alarm that should have gone off 20 minutes ago goes off.


Larry: Damage


PE: Hey, you guys disrespected Phil Swift by breaking that coated wall. I’m gonna give you boys lots of damage.


Brian: You just assumed my...


Larry: ATTACK HELICOPTER!


Narrator: PE suddenly gets attacked by a sexual helicopter.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Timmy: Wait, where are we rolling to?


Cambry: I don’t know, but were illegal and on the run


Larry: I have a vacation home in Washington D.C


Brian: Hot

Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to Washington D.C.


Cambry: Well, here we are bois


Larry: hey why are there election campaigns and posters everywhere?


Cambry: Because the election is tommorow


Timmy: Yeah, but I did the math, and the election is supposed to be on the year we are juniors


All: NOBODY CARES!


Brian: so what do most people do when they live a life on the run and trying to recover?


Timmy: play roblox?


Brian: no


Larry: play roblox?


Brian: maybe


Timmy: Run for president?


Brian: why would you do that why would you do any of that?


Larry: run for president?


Brian: good idea


Larry: I don’t want to tho, you want to run for prez Timmy?


Timmy: Ok…


All: NOBODY CARES!


Timmy: but I have no political experience


Larry: it’s okay this is a carnival cliche story remember, some random guy is gonna jump into you and give you lawmaking powers


Timmy: sounds good


Cambry: can I have a line


Narrator: Suddenly Clichenie bumps into Timmy, giving him political experience


Timmy: thanks


Clichenie: Any time


Larry: wait where are you going?


Clichenie: To a voting booth


Larry: who were you gonna vote for? 


Clichenie: Probably Parking Enforcer


Brian: Does he even have a real name?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Clichenie: oh well gotta hurry


Brian: wait Clichenie don’t vote for them vote for Timmy he’s running for prez!


Clichenie: I’m down


Cambry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 17: Timmy runs for Prezident