
Narrator: It’s been 10 overripe British hotdogs since their last adventure. It’s Election Day, and Timmy is applying.


Timmy: Wait, why am I running for prez again?


Larry: because Prezidents can’t get in trouble in office. Plus you can give a death sentence to people you don’t like, like the parking enforcer, or the hit man


Timmy: yeah but isn’t it a little late to apply? No one’s gonna know me, not to mention I’m not old enough to be the Prezident!


Brian: shut up Timmy have some fun


Cambry: let’s roll


Narrator: they roll into a booth where Timmy is ready to apply


BG: sup


Timmy: excuse me I’d like to apply for prez


BG: Aren’t you a little too young?


Larry: no


BG: sounds good


Narrator: Timmy is officially a nominee


BG: woah there narrator. I’m afraid I have bad news. Since your name has exactly 3 T’s in it...you’re not allowed to run for prez


Timmy: aww


BG: naw it’s cool just steal someone else’s name


Brian: it wouldn’t be his first time


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: suddenly the radio turns on inside Cambry


Chet: hello everyone welcome back to whatever this station is called. Today we’ll discuss the election. The nominees are… Parking Enforcer, Kevin Spacey, Ray Liotta and a new guy, uh his name is… Tim-othy, uh Ta-hompson Bucket


Timmy: why does everyone always say my name wrong?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Timmy: wait guys I don’t even have any of ideas of how I want to run the country


Larry: it was your idea to be Prezident!


Brian: no it wasn’t


Timmy: thank you Brian


Brian: just kidding it was all you


Timmy: wait, I at least have a slogan? how bout this “Vote for me and I’ll be your Prezident”


All: Sounds troutastic come on Timmy!


Narrator: Meanwhile every nominee is teleported to that one building where elections are


Announcer: hey guys welcome to the 2020 election! I don’t want to be here! Okay so before the elections start it would be nice if everyone prayed for Elmer. Okay first nominee… Kevin Spacey


KS: hello. One thing I’d  like to do to change the U.S. is make a law that forces everyone to have a combover like mine. 


Announcer: thank you I agree with your opinions good luck sir… next contestant… I mean nominee… Ray Liotta


RL: If you vote for me I’ll get rid of all honey bees and everyone has to keep a picture of me in their house. Thank you


Announcer: interesting... Take off your shirt! Next nominee… Parking enforcer


PE: If you vote for me, I’ll be a dictator, but that doesn’t matter because I already act like a dictator and break laws to catch some Krazy kids. Also, I’m gonna beat the carp outta those kids. Also, you guys suck


Announcer: convincing… he’s got my vote! 
But before we do the last nominee, he probably has to do that cliche “pep talk before entering the stage” thingy, so let’s do a commercial break


Timmy: I’m nervous


Larry: remember what we taught you


Timmy: you guys didn’t teach me anything


Brian: cuz we’re great friends!


Cambry: Timmy, remember to just roll with everything. Don’t say that line tho.


Timmy: let’s roll


Cambry: boi you wanna see Elmer


Narrator: Timmy rolls onto stage. He is wearing a blue suit that is too good to be true


Announcer: And now the last nominee, a new guy, uh his name is… Tim-othy, uh Ta-hompson Bucket.


Timmy: you aced it


PE: hey I know that guy!


Timmy: Anyways, if you vote for me, I’ll be your president


Narrator: Everything is silent. Then PE says…


PE: Boo you stink


Narrator: Everybody else claps


Larry: Timmy you did it!


Timmy: wait i didn’t win yet tho


All: Nobody cares!


Narrator: a few hours later…


Announcer: all right, the results are in! What a turnout! The new president is a loyal hardworking boi!


PE: yes


Announcer: the obvious choice for the job


PE: he’s right


Announcer: A name you all know! It starts with a letter!


PE: That’s me!


Announcer: Please welcome our new president… Ti-mothy… meh you don’t care about the rest


PE: Yesssss! Yeaaah! Oh better luck next time buddy! Yeaah OW.(walks on stage) People of Americana, as the enforcer of (annoucer whisphers to him). Hold the phone folks I'm getting an important newsflash from the announcer. Go ahead Mr. A.


Announcer: according to the polls, Kevin Spacey, Ray Liotta and Parking Enforcer all tied for last


KS: How did my combover lose?


RL: How did my honey slaves lose?


PE: Did I leave the stove on?


Announcer: well all 3 of you guys voted for yourselves. Everyone else in America voted for Timmy.
 
Timmy: Yay


PE: wait I bet that kid used that genie guy to grant him all those votes


Announcer: it’s alright we don’t need to confirm that


PE: they don’t call me an enforcer for nothing


Narrator: PE punches the announcer, revealing that he was using a secret cloak to hide his identity that for some reason no one noticed. It is none other than Clichenie


All: (gasps) Squidward!


Clichenie: I’m sorry I just wanted Timmy to win!


PE: so what are the real polls then? Who actually won?


Clichenie: the new president is… Ray Liotta


All: hah what!


RL: nah I don’t want to be prezident anymore, peace!


Clichenie: okay so the runner up is… Kevin Spacey!


KS: I agree with Ray Liotta


Clichenie: okay so this is a close one folks but… Timmy loses by 1 vote


Timmy: No! 


PE: YES!


Clichenie: Naw I’m just kidding. Timmy won by 1 vote 


Timmy: yay!


PE: Aw nuths


Clichenie: It doesn't look like you chose a vice president yet.


Timmy: I choose……………………………Ray Liotta!


RL: Damage, now I have to stay here.


Timmy: And youre getting a promotion, I'm resigning.


All:OOF


Brian: Why would you do that?


Timmy: I'm too busy to save the universe and run the country, therefore, your new president is Ray Liotta Private Select.


Larry: wait, so who’s the Ray Liotta’s Vice President then?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Larry: Ok Timmy, lets roll home. 


Narrator: Due to rolling the wrong way they end up at the gates of a castle.


Brian: What is this place?


Clichenie: Hello, I'm the Great Clichenie and….. What are you guys doing here?


Larry: Wrong Roll. What are you doing here?


Clichenie: I'm running a school.


Cambry: What kinda school?


Clichenie: PigAcne school for wizards and witches.

Brian: Can we play?


Clichenie: First I have to make you all gizzards. You are now all Gizzards.


Larry: Clichenie, you turned me into a gizzard but everyone else turned into a broom, a juand, a cloak, and a bad haircut.


Clichenie: Well I guess you’re the only Gizzard Larry.


Larry: I'm a what?


All: While we may be objects we can still guide you on your quest.


Larry: Sounds troutastic, come on Larry!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 18: You're a Gizzard Larry