
Narrator: It has been three presidential elections since their last adventure. The loser lounge has been turned into items for Larry to use on his magical quest. We all also inherited British accents.


Larry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Larry is slapped by his broom


Larry: ow


Narrator: Larry rolls inside the building.


Larry: Wow, I wonder what class I’ll be in.


Gandalf: People who just walked in, you have 5 seconds to join a class
Narrator: Using the power of Larry’s 52 minute mile, he misses the cutoff by .00000001 seconds.


Larry: Damage


Gandalf: It’s alright. There’s a 5th class, but it’s for leftovers.


Larry: Sounds troutastic! What’s it called?


Gandalf: Secondarys


Larry: Kill me now


Narrator: Larry teleports to B-52, the room where the Secondary’s meet. A swirly rice cake starts laughing


Larry: Oh boi


Narrator: Suddenly, the bad haircut hops out of Larry’s fanny pack and turns into a ginger with a mediocre at best accent. It’s Brian but as a ginger.


Brian Westley: Hello, you need a ginger sidekick?


Larry: What about the girl sidekick?


Narrator: Suddenly, the broom hops out of Larry’s fanny pack and turns into a girl with a mullet. It’s cambry but as a girl.


Cambryine: Let’s roll


Juand: Hey can I come to life?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Brian: yeah Timmy who care


Larry: How will I get through my first year here?


Cambryine: you’ll need to pass 3 trials. If you succeed at the 3 trials you automatically get expelled.


Larry: What? I don’t want that on my record


Brian: Just burn it then


Larry: Sounds troutastic


Cambryine: Let’s roll


Narrator: Because Cambry is now a real person, they cannot travel on him I mean her, so I’ll just teleport them there. They teleport


Larry: What is this place?


Cambryine: This is the broom riding stadium, where you ride brooms in a stadium and basically duel and don’t die


Larry: Hot


Clichenie: sup guys


Brian: Why are you here clichenie?


Clichenie: dude this place is literally about magic


Brian: What’s your point?


Clichenie: anyways, I was gonna watch the broom riding games


Juand: hey guys we have clichenie can we leave now?


Larry: Why would we do that why would we do any of that?


Juand: Fine, but clichenie at least turn me back to normal


Clichenie: sure. Clichadle, clichoodle, turn back to normal


Narrator: clichenie’s magic fails and turns Juand into slightly thiccer Juand.


Juand: darn leedle


Announcer: Let’s get ready to rumble!


Larry: guys I’m nervous!


Cambryine: Relax, you didn’t even join the games


Brian: all done!


Larry: What’d you do?


Brian: I signed you up!


Larry: Damage


Cambryine: I can teach you how to ride a broom, after all I was a broom.


Larry: Ew that’s disgusting


Cambryine: Dude when I was regular Cambry you literally travelled inside a talking car!


Larry: Keep it together


Brian: Ow


Larry: you know what, I’ll do what I did in the presidential election. Timmy can you do the broom riding competition?


Timmy: I’m a juand!


All: NOBODY CARES!


Timmy: can anyone show me how a juand is supposed to ride a broom?


Cambryine: First get on the broom. Second, start rolling. Don’t say that tho.


Timmy: Let’s roll


Cambryine: You’re fat


Announcer: The competitors are… Kevin Spacey, Parking enforcer, Ray Liotta… and a new guy... Tim-othy, uh Ta-hompson Bucket.


Juand: Great


Announcer: 3, 2, 1


Narrator: Everyone but Juand’s broom explode


Announcer: Tim-othy, uh Ta-hompson Bucket wins by default


Juand: yay


Narrator: juand turns into a boy, a real real boy.


Timmy: yay again


Larry: Shut up Timmy you still have to pass the other 2 trials


Timmy: darn leedle


Narrator: Suddenly, lightning comes from the sky and summons Malboi.


Malboi: My name is Malboi and are you ready for some bad bassery?


Narrator: Suddenly, lightning comes from the sky and summons Gandalf


Malboi: Darn leedle


Narrator: Malboi dies


Gandalf: Timothy Thompson Tucker…


Timmy: Hey you got it right


Gandalf: That’s the problem. Your name has exactly 3 t’s in it, and people with 3 t’s in their name are evil


Timmy: that’s racist


Brian: What was malboi’s name then?


Gandalf: Timmerson Thomperson Tuckerson


Larry: I’m questioning the parents name creating skills


Timmy: I’m standing right here, words hurt


Gandalf: Anyways, I’ll have to put you in the asylum


Timmy: What’s an asylum


Gandalf: I don’t know. Get over here!


Timmy: Naw


Gandalf: They don’t call me an enforcer for nothing


Cambryine: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll into Gandalf


Larry: Oh cod, that’s quite a bit of damage


Timmy: How do we hide the evidence?


Brian: We’ll just leave him there?


Larry: Wait who will their new leader be?


Brian: Go on without me, I’ll be their leader


Timmy: Where are we supposed to go anyways


Cambryine: we’ll just wait here and see if Brian makes a good beard


Narrator: A few moments later


Brian: Huh, so apparently you can’t be the leader without a beard. Also, there is Ginger Goulash Gondays and I’m pretty sure they use the actual meat of Gingers


Larry: Oh, you’ll be fine then


Brian: They don’t call me boneless Brian for nothing!


Timmy: Where’s Clichenie?


James Corden: He went to that jungle in the far weast


All: Thanks James Corden!


Cambryine: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 19: Welcome to the jungle