
Narrator: It’s been 28 unnecessary outgrown beards since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge is falling 250 feet from the sky into a jungle.


Brian: Wow I can fly! I feel like Ravioli! 


Larry: Damage that’s a reference to our next script!


Timmy: What’s the next script?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Narrator: They land with a scat.


Brian: ow


Larry: Where are we
Cambry: According to my GPS, we’re in the jungel.


Timmy: huh, this signs says “Welum to the Jungel”


Narrator: Suddenly an australian NPC dude magically appears


NPC: AHOY MATEY! Me and my boys are about to throw ourselves on the barbie.


Larry: Can I join too?


Timmy: NO. Hey NPC can you help us


NPC: Sure, but first I’ll give you guys different avatars


Brian: But my body was already ready.


Narrator: They transform into their new forms


NPC: Brian, you’re Jack Black


Brian: Damage nothing changed


NPC: Larry, you’re the Rock


Larry: I’m Bambi (smoldering). Also nothing changed


NPC: Timmy, you’re the loser that’s hot. Nobody remembered her actual name.


Timmy: Nothing changed I guess? I’m a loser and I’m hot!


Larry: Shut up Timmy


Brian: Wait who is the 4th person?


NPC: Narrator, you’re Kevin James


Narrator: Wooo!


Timmy: Where do we go first?


Larry: Places


Brian: Oh boy another chance of being sued


Cambry: Hey guys what’s my avatar?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to the crystal gem thingy that lets them escape


Timmy: Hey that was some lucky rolling!


Cambry: Are you kidding, the story just started, we need more filler!


Narrator: Cambry rolls to the NPC


Timmy: Can you tell us how to get back to the real world


NPC: Do any of you have a name that has exactly 3 T’s, because if so…


Timmy: Are you kidding!


NPC: ...They get thrown on the barbie!


Timmy: Yay?


NPC: I’m just kidding. They won’t be allowed to leave


Brian: Darn leedle for you Timmy


Timmy: I’ll just name myself Tim-othy, uh Ta-hompson Bucket.


NPC: Noice! Anyways, Step 1, you need to sneak into that warehouse because there is a variety of… anyone?


Timmy: vehicles?


Larry: Placebo


Brian: Honey slaves


NPC: No. Potato chips

Timmy: Wow that’s useful


NPC: It is. If you get me a bag of the limited edition Cranberry Lays chips then I will give you the next task and I’ll also turn into Nick Jonas


Brian: Who should go in the warehouse?


Timmy: Probably the stealthiest.


Larry: How about Cambry


Timmy: But he’s the largest!


All: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Hey how about I distract the guards and you guys sneak in


Brian: Hot


Narrator: A few moments later


Cambry: How do I look?


Brian: hot


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll into the guards


Cambry: Huh, guess I don’t need this disguise anymore (rips off)


Larry: (gasps) Squidward!


NPC: By the way did I mention there are only 10 bags of Cranberry Lay’s in the world?


Cambry: Those 9 bags of Cranberry Lays sure were good


Larry: You’re fat


Timmy: So we have to find 1 bag of chips among these, what 5000 chips?


Narrator: Hey guys I found the chips. Alsp I’m hungry


Brian: Don’t do it. Don’t you do it.


Cambry: let’s roll


Narrator: Cambry eats the last bag, because of plot


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Cambry rolls to the NPC and pluhs out the bag


NPC: Actually I changed my mind. Go to Outback and order me some shrimp and a mediocre at best barbie


Narrator: I got this. Suddenly, shrimp on mediocre at best barbie appears.


NPC: Thanks. 


Narrator: NPC turns into Nick Jonas


NJ: Wuss poppin Jimbo. I feel like I’m lost in thyme


Timmy: NO I DON’T WANT TO DO THAT ADVENTURE AGAIN


Narrator: NJ implodes due to a bad wireless plan/placebo


Brian: Bamage


Larry: Timmy, why did you do that, why did you do any of that?


Timmy: Plot


Brian: Good answer


Larry: I just realized we can say plot is the blame for everything


Timmy: Duh. Otherwise we would be dead like 15 times already


Brian: Who care Timmy


Larry: What now?

Narrator: Suddenly, a jewel made out of plastic falls from the sky


NPC ghost: Go... Do the thing, do it right, and don’t mess it up


Timmy: I got this


Narrator: Timmy climbs up the mountain and delivers the jewel


Timmy: You’re welcome guys


Cambry: Let’s roll 


Narrator: They roll out of the forest and back to the real world


Larry: Darn, I guess that means that we’re going back to school


Brian: Well according to this calendar with pictures of Gingers, school starts tomorrow


Larry: Maybe we can play on our switches.


Clichenie: Hey guys I have a bootleg Switch we can play on!


Brian: Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy


Larry: What game do you guys want to play?


Clichenie: How about this bootleg version of the legend the zelda I just found in my pocket?


Timmy: Isn’t that a one player game?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Narrator: They put the bootleg game in the bootleg switch. A memehole appears, succing Clichenie in it.


Brian: Darn leedle


Cambry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 20: Legend of Clichenie