
Narrator: It has been ten meters since their last adventure. Since then the BFG has been resurrected by the great god of cod and they are already bored.


Larry: I'm bored.


Narrator: I just said that. Anyway the gang was just chillin when the Great Clichenie jumped out the window screaming gibberish about his need for something good.


Timmy: We have to go find him


Brian: Shut up brian


Larry: We have to go find him


Brian: Sounds trout-tastic, come on Timmy!


Timmy: I just said that...


Larry and Brian: NOBODY CARES TIMMY GOD (laugh track)


Timmy: Ok whatever, where should we look?


Brian: Maybe he got outta town


Larry: No


Brian: Maybe he finally found that big glue bottle in the sky


Larry: No


Brian: Perhaps he has gone back to the carnival


Larry: Maybe, but it was a traveling carnival, where do you think it is?


Timmy: Let's check on the computer


Narrator: The computer once again spontaneously explodes due to switching to Sprint.

Larry: Damage Brian! I told you illegally downloading Scandinavian Black Metal only works with T-Mobile (Waa Waaa Wawawaaaa)


Timmy: Wait what's that


Brian and Larry: NOBODY CARES! (laugh track)


Narrator: Among the rubble they see an ad for the carnival reading: Coming Soon to New Yourk


Brian: New Yourk! How are we gonna get there


Timmy: We can go an a multi-climatic road trip for the whole family, with hidden plots twists, plot holes and loats of typ0s.


Larry: Easy, we go on a long road trip across the country while dealing with plot twists along the way.


Timmy: Did you guys just ignore me?


Brian: Great except there is one problem, none of us can drive


Timmy: Hey guys, can we do my idea


Larry: Don't worry, we can just steal a self driving car


Brian: Sounds trout-tastic, come on Timmy!


Timmy: This sounds a bit illegal


Larry and Brian: Shut up Timmy, have some fun(laugh track)


Narrator: They proceeded to the nearest Chili's were they found the brand new self driving Toyota Cambry. 


Larry: Ok, we need to steal that car. Can any of us pick a lock?


Timmy and Brian and Larry: No


Larry: Oh well. We’ll just say, “Open Gregory”. 


Brian: Okay
Timmy: Wait, instead of that Cambry, how about that really cool Tesla over there. That’s my dream car!


Brian: Ooh, how about that limited edition Elmer Cambry?


Timmy: Dude, Cambrys cost like $23,000, and Teslas cost like $75,000. If we’re gonna steal a car, wouldn’t we want to get one with the most value?


Brian: Sorry, I don’t speak italian (Spongebob joke)


Larry: why did you bring math into this Timmy?


Timmy: Fine, let’s get the cambry


Brian: Shut up timmy, I want that Hot minivan.


Narrator: The tesla spontaneously implodes


Cambry: Get in


Timmy: No


Cambry: Boy you wanna see Elmer


Larry: Yes


Narrator: The doors automatically open and they jump in


Cambry: Please type in destination


Brian: New Yourk City please


Cambry: Estimated drive time… 3 days. But hold on. My body isn’t ready yet, so listen to some elevator music instead.


Spongebob timestamp: 3 hours later


Narrator: They begin to exit the parking lot when out of the Chilis came, yours truly, the parking enforcer.
Narrator throws on shirt that says parking enforcer

Parking Enforcer: Those kids stole that car... that was parked in a handicapped zone. 
Takes off parking enforcer shirt


Narrator: He got in another car and chased after them.


Larry: We are going to New Yourk bois


Cambry: We will stop once per day to refuel. We will stop at Vegas, Colorado, and Chicago.


Brian: I can get rich in Vegas.


Timmy: I can climb rocks in Colorado.


Larry: Chicago is tasty.


Cambry: First stop, Vegas!


Larry: Cambry, who are you?


Cambry: No one has ever asked that. Well if you are interested, I was once human. Me and my two siblings, google and alexa went to the carnival and found this genie. We all wished to control electronics. He took it too literally. He turned me into a car, my brother into a website, and my sister into a home operating system. I have been looking for him ever since to change us back. 

Larry: Did I ask? Oh wait yeah I did.

Timmy: Wait, was that genie called the Great Clichenie?


Cambry: Yes!


Brian: We think he is in New Yourk, that is why we are going.

Cambry: Perfect, I can fix myself. Let’s go.


Narrator: Out of nowhere the radio goes off


Chet: Welcome back to the hottest radio station of the summer, Elmer News worldwide. Today’s top story, a chase across the country. According to our sources a parking enforcer is chasing a stolen cambry across the country. Good luck to those guys


Timmy: That guy got me in a lawsuit for a natural disaster, we need to lose him.


Larry: Great Idea! Cambry, go off course down this street. It leads to Vegas twice as fast and throws him off.


Cambry: That seems pretty cliche


Larry: Exactly


Cambry: Setting course
Narrator: They successfully drove away and made it to the other city that never sleeps.


Brian: Vegas baby! Time to get rich.


Timmy: Brian, we can't go in a casino


Cambry: That is true, but you need more money to pay for my refueling exotic gas.


Larry: Damage! Looks like we are gonna have to sneak into the casino and win some money!


Timmy: That sounds illegal


Larry and Brian: Shut up you ignorant slug(laugh track)


Timmy: Ok fine, where to?


Larry: To the best casino in Las Vegas, the Monte Carlo casino.


Brian: Let’s rock and roll


Narrator: They successfully sneak into the casino. Little do they know that the parking enforcer was searching the same casino. They make it to a machine called “who wants to be a little bit wealthier.”


Brian: My time to shine. My luck is beyond compare.

Timmy: Weren't you struck by lightning six times?


Brian: Shut up Timmy(laugh track) THEY DON’T CALL ME BAD LUCK BRIAN FOR NOTHIN’!


Narrator: Brian ducks under the rope and pulls the lever. It spins for what seems like days. Then a picture appears. One partially eaten pickle. Next, came another partially eaten pickle. Finally, the slot spun then slowed three times until it landed on, you guessed it, a partially eaten pickle. 


Brian: Wow, they should call that machine “Plot Convenience”


Narrator: Expect a lot more of that, and you’re watching Disney… actually wait sorry, here comes my part. Puts on parking enforcer shirt


Larry: Oh no


Narrator: They all looked over to see the enforcer.


Parking enforcer: Ayy boss, stop right there.


Narrator: They ran out of the hotel and made it safely to cambry.


Cambry: Let's roll


Timmy: We didn't even put in your fuel.


Cambry: I know. The truth is, I run off of dead memes, preferably bootleg Shrek DVD’s .


Larry: I guess that makes sense


Brian: Good thing i always carry 800 copies of shrek on VHS.


Larry: How did you get those


Brian: I bought them with the casino money


Larry: So fast.
 
Timmy: Cuz i’m always thumpin.


Narrator: Brian then feeds all 800 copies of bootleg Shrek DVDs. Cambry starts making its way towards Chicago.


Cambry: Uhhh, I’m never eating another Shrek DVD ever again!


Narrator: Cambry suddenly spits out a bootleg copy of Shrek 6: Where’s my Super Swamp?


Larry: (TJ Miller voice) Cambry, don’t do it. It’s already been in there once.


Narrator: Cambry proceeds to eat the bootleg copy of Shrek 6: Where’s my Super Swamp?


Timmy: I haven’t had a line in a while, can I have one?


Brian: Come on, you had one 7 lines ago.


Larry: Can we turn on some music?


Cambry: Okey coke.


EVERYONE: Making my way down trout, walking fast, faces bass, and I’m home trout, nananananananananananana(piano noises)
Somebody, somebody, some, some, some, somebody, some some some some some some some somebody!
I JUST WANT TO FEEL THIS MOMENT!(emoji pop dances) Narrator: Wooo(winks)


Chet: Breaking news.. The chase has been on for one day now and it looks like the culprit is heading to colorado


Timmy: Yes I can finally show off my climbing skills


Larry: What other skills do you have.


Timmy: I can sing.


Larry: Why don't you sing more often?


Timmy: Because singing killed my grandma!


Brian: What was her name?


Timmy: Felicia Francesa Freeman who was married to Fricken Morgan Freeman


Larry: Colorado on the road now.


Narrator: They had just made it to the mediocre at best canyon!


Cambry: Guys, this is gonna sound really cliche, but I'm depressed. I can't drive anymore until I'm not depressed.


Larry: Good thing I have a bootleg copy of Shrek 7: Go go, Swamp Defenders


Cambry: This is also gonna sound cliche,but it won’t work because my needy bass needs a special flower at the bottom of the canyon. Who is gonna get it? Oh, by the way it’s the only one in the world.




Larry: Oh, I thought you wanted something exotic and endangered.

Timmy: I’ll climb down and get it


Brian: We were gonna sacrifice you anyways


Narrator: Timmy then hikes down the mountain like a boss and at the bottom he encounters three figures.


Murt: You dare go into the secondary canyon


Alex: Those who enter never leave


James: Silence subjects let me speak to him


Narrator: The leader pulls off his hood revealing himself as none other than James Corden himself.


James: (With hi-5 shirt on) What brings you here?


Timmy: I'm here to get the dank flower


James: You will never climb out


Timmy: My dead grandma motivates me!


Narrator: He then climbs up with the flower in his hand and tears in his eyes.


James: Well, that's that. All secondary characters come with me.


Timmy: I made it


Narrator: Wait a minute, if I put on the parking enforcer shirt on, then I’ll be right behind the car stealers. 


Larry: Damage! He is too smart. Brian take him out with your sick karate moves


Brian: Got it. Gavin….. Huaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!


Narrator: An old wind fills the air. Brian begins to freeze. He feels a sudden surge of power then bam. He is struck by lightning.


Larry: We have to get him to the hospital in Chicago, drive Cambry, drive!


Cambry: Let's Roll


Narrator: Then they roll off a cliff and end up in Chicago


Brian: Hurry I'm falling and I won’t get up.


Larry: Brian, why’d you spend all our money on bootleg shrek dvds?


Narrator: Out of nowhere one of the secondaries from the canyon shows up


Alex: Yay! I found 20 bucks and got out of the canyon. I think it’s for plot.


Narrator: Timmy hears just money. He grabs alex by the shoulders, shanks him, and throws him in the river, not before taking his money. Before Alex dies in the river, he says...


Alex: The other secondaries will find you... Foreshadowing lesson for y’all.


Larry: Damage Timmy! Now you are a real fugitive.


Timmy: I know, but now we have money to save Brian


Brian: Hey guys


Larry: How are you alive


Brian: Well, you know Danny Phantom, he can change from human to ghost, well now I can do that. When I was struck by lightning I turned into a ghost for a second and went back into my body. I'm all good.


Timmy: So I shanked a secondary for nothing.


Brian: Shut up Timmy(laugh track)


Timmy: Ok then what now.


Narrator: While they were talking, Cambry had finally been towed away by the enforcer himself.


Brian: We have to get him back but how.


Larry: Easy, cue cliche thief adventure that takes 20 minutes. But we make it a montage.


Narrator: Neck break action montage to get back Cambry is cued.


Timmy: Ok what now


Cambry: NEW YOURK CITY


Larry: To find the genie


Timmy: To find our friend


Cambry: To save myself


Brian: To get the crown, save the town, and Mr. Krabs


Larry: Wrong movie brian.


Brian: Shut UP BRIAN


Alex: Hi guys!


Narrator: Timmy shanks Alex.


Everyone: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Let's Roll




To be continued in Carnival Cliche 3: Escape to New Yourk