

Narrator: It’s been 74 shrimps on the barbie since their last adventure. The loser Lounge starts rolling inside the bootleg game. Meanwhile, Loink is inside of a shrine, taking a room temperature bath


Clichenie: Loink…


Cambry: Why is there a bright light and bad voice acting?

Larry: This is a Zelda game dude


Clichenie: LOINK WAKE UP AND GET YOUR BASS OVER HERE!!!


Loink: I am breathing wild air. Time to insert an overused joke! Hey there’s an iPad over there!




Narrator: He picks up the IPad


Loink: There is no signal in this cave. What time is it?


Clichenie: You have been asleep for the past ten tens.


Loink: Someone should have fixed my alarm clock.


Clichenie: I have been taken by Enforcerdorf, you must rescue me with the help of your friends


Narrator: He looks over to see Larry as a fairy. Fairy Larry.


Narvi: Damage now I need to look/listen 


Narrator: Then Cambry appears


Loink: You look the same


Cambry: I'm the cool car you get in the DLC. I need even more fuel now


Narrator: Then Timmy appears. Tim-othy Thompson Tucker Tinkle


Tinkle: Nothing changed


Loink: Are you all here to help me 


Cambry: Naw I’m just in it for the Crupees.


Clichenie: HURRY UP LOINK! 


Narrator: They head outside to see the vast world and random piano noises. They look over to see an old man baking crapples.


OM: Get over here and steal my crapples


Loink: Actually I’m allergic


Narrator: OM shoves crapple down Loink’s throat. He gets a giant zit on his back and runs off of a cliff. Game over. You suck.


Loink: I love respawns


Narrator: He heads back to the old man


OM: EAT MY CRAPPLES SO I CAN YELL AT YOU FOR EATING MY CRAPPLES


Cambry:(slits throat with finger) fine, I’ll eat them


OM: OMG YOU KNOCKED OVER THE CRAPPLES 


Narvi: Hey Cambry, Hey Cambry, Hey Cambry, You Suck


Cambry: I’m never eating that ever again


Narrator: Cambry pluhs out the crapple, making a new dish. Regurgitated Crapple Supreme


Cambry: Yay it's not censored


OM: But if you eat it you will probably get Crapples Constipation


Cambry: I’ll eat it anyways


Tinkle: Hey guys like my tights?


Narvi: Shut up and listen


OM: Whatever, head to the Temple of Thyme to receive the master Sord 


Tinkle: Isn’t it in the lost wuds or something?

OM: Not anymore, I stole it to make my crapples


Loink: Does it do lots of damage?


OM: Once you powur it up in the DLC then yeah


Tinkle: This seems like a cash grab
OM: Also with the DLC I become a Taco Bell employee.


Loink: Does the Master Sord break?


OM: Yes, but you can bond, seal and repair if it does.


Loink: Well, let’s get it. Maybe I should get a horse for fast travel


Tinkle: Or we could just use Cambry.


Narvi: Shut up and drive Cambry the horse


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll onto a tower called Big Boi Tower. They see OM there.


OM: Ho!


Narvi: Why does he make that sound?


All: NOBODY CARES!


OM: I have crippling oppression. Anyway, scan your IPad to receive a map of the Highrule


Loink: Oke doke


Narrator: He scans the iPad and gets a map of shell city.


Narvi: I thought we were on the Great Plateau.


OM: Budget Cuts/cousin Neil


Narvi: Whatever, it looks like we have to get the only rune in Shell City. Mitosis. It's like a weird way to degenerate your enemy slowly.


Tinkle: Lets head to the shrine.


Narrator: They all swim over. Loink ran out of stamina half way through and respawns at the shrine.


Loink: I hate having to eat fish to regain something simple. Why couldn't this have been like the other games where I have an entire suit that lets me breathe underwater.


Tinkle: Plotcebo


Narrator: Loink scans the iPad and enters the shrine. Inside is an elaborate maze. Around every corner is another trap.


Tinkle: I'll go to the left


Narvi: I'll go to the weast 


Loink: I guess I'll go North.


Narrator: Loink heads North


Loink: Hey guys I found the end of the maze.


Tinkle: How?


Loink: I just went straight forward. 


Narvi: That was easy


Narrator: Loink has now obtained Mitosis and they teleport out of the shrine and encounter the weird crapple wizard again.


OM: Okay, now that you got the rune, you can now make your way to shell city. Talk to the guy there and he’ll tell you to make your way to the Ostrich Divine Beast. From there you’ll face Enforcerdorf. Okay?


Tinkle: Why can’t we just go straight to the Ostrich Divine beast?


OM: By the way guys, I’m King Arby’s


Narvi: (gasps) Squidward!


KA: Okay, now go and rescue my daughter, Clichenie.


Brian: Sound’s troutastic, come on Timmy.


Timmy: Nobody is going to ask how he just became a king


Cambry: Let’s roll.


KA: Wait! Also, you need to get the crown from the Ostrich Divine Beast.


Tinkle: Why?


Narrator: KA takes off his ghost hat from his head


All: BALD! BALD! My eyes!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to the halfway point, a stable. The Big Boi Stable.


Narvi: There’s a lotta freaks here


Leedle: Hi! Want to buy some horse vaccines? It’s that time of the year!


Tinkle: No thanks…


Cambry: I gotta eat it now! I want 52 pounds of this stuff


Leedle: Thank you, that will be 52,000 crupees!


Cambry: Deal or Seal


Leedle: Whatever(injects shots) now you’re a horse, big boi


Cambry: Litty


Leedle: Make haste young ones, the ostrich soars at midnight


Cambry: Let’s Roll


Loink: Good thing I have this Master Sord


Narrator: It breaks


Loink: Damage now we have to wait 10 twelves until we can use it again. I guess I can use my Minecraft Sord


Narrator: They continue on their way to shell city. Almost there they encounter a vicious Cyclops.


VC: You shall not pass until, you subscribe.


All except Tinkle: NOOO!


Tinkle: Why is that bad?


Loink: All of his videos are challenge videos and he posts once a year.


Tinkle: NOOOOOOO


VC: That’s right, now if you wanna be the very best, subscribe.


Loink: Never! Mitosis activate.


Narrator: He hits the Cyclops with Mitosis and he begins to disappear.


Narvi: How did that happen


Loink: I just looped a song in his head forever. 


Narvi: What song


Loink: Light, Color, talking bout the spectrum brother.


Tinkle: Ok lets head to shell city for no reason


Narrator: They finally make it to shell city where they see a billboard for Carnival Cliche 46: Here we go again (again)


Tinkle: Wait, KA didn’t tell us who to talk to!


Narvi: Don't worry, this is a carnival cliche story remember, some random guy will walk in and help us because Plot!
Narrator: Leedle falls out of the sea.


Leedle: Darn Leedle


Tinkle: Can you help us?


Leedle: Yes. I’m the leader of the Ostrich clan. But first...


Loink: Help us reach the divine beast!


Leedle: Ok what's the magic word


Loink: Toaster Tarts


Leedle: Wrong, it was red bed dead said.


Narrator: He disappears


Loink: What now


Narvi: Shh, Listen.


Narrator: Over a hill they see the ostrich divine beast.


Timmy: I got this.


Narrator: He summons all of his middle aged fairy magic to teleport them all onto the Divine Beast


Timmy: That took a lot of damage


Loink: Whatever, what's that?


Narrator: They all look over to see a terminal 


Narvi: Scan your IPad to receive minor control of the divine beast


Narrator: After asking for consent, he scans it.


Narvi: You can now control the beasts neck and ankles


Loink: What does that do?


Tinkle: Maybe to open and close different rooms.


Loink: Or this.


Narrator: He takes control of the beast and breaks its neck and ankles. The beast still stands but is dead. The room swirls with darkness as EnforcerDorf appears.


Loink: He isn't even the real Ganon.


EnforcerDorf: Fight me back at Highrule castle.


KA: Good luck Loink and the rest of the Loser Lounge. Before you head there, activate the laser of the Ostrich so it can fire on EnforcerDorf.


Loink: But we broke it


All: NOBODY CARES!


Narvi: Listen, just cut one of the wires.


Narrator: Loink cuts all the wires and a thicc laser is pointing at EnforcerDorf at Highrule castle.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Loink: WAIT!!! Aren’t I supposed to get a special power from the champion of this divine beast?


Tinkle: I don’t think this one had a champion controlling it.


Narrator: Suddenly the divine beast burps out an orb. It goes inside Loink and gives him the power of Dead Meme summoning.


Narvi: Is there a limit on the amount of dead meme summonings?


Loink: It says I can summon 52 dead memes a day.
Narvi: hot


Cambry: Let’s roll 


Narrator: They roll back to the town, where Leedle awaits them.


Leedle: Thanks Loink for saving the town. To help you defeat Enforcerdorf, I give you the leedle sord. It does mediocre-at-best damage.


KA: Go on and save my daughter


Clichenie: YEAH, HURRY UP!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to the front of Highrule castle. There are a lot of thicc robot thingys guarding the castle.


Narvi: Tinkle take them out!


Narrator: Tinkle successfully kills all the thicc robot thingys, but gets majorly damage.


Tinkle: Go on… without me


Narvi: (with tears in his eyes) Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy.


Tinkle: I’m just kidding guys, this Tinkle suit makes me immortal!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: By chance, they end up in a dungeon with an easy boss that gives them a legendary shield, the Leedle shield.


Narvi: That was easy


Loink: I’m ready to defeat Enforcerdorf!


Tinkle: Hold on Loink, you haven’t been wearing clothes this whole adventure! 


Loink: Darn leedle.


Narrator: As if the gods of cod had heard him, Leedle is summoned.


Leedle: Here, take my clothes. They grant immortality... as long as they aren’t friends with a guy with exactly 3 T’s in their name.


Narvi: Timmy you’re really becoming a detriment to the team.


Timmy: Fine, I’ll be Timothy Thompson Bucket again.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Narrator: They roll to the snack shack


Cambry: Yes sir I would like some flinstones vitamins/placebo


Narvi: No one’s here, this place has been empty for ten tens, remember?


Cambry: yay free food.


Tinkle: guys my costume is getting itchy


All: Nobody cares Timmy!


Loink: Guys, I don’t know if I’m ready yet.


Narvi: Rule #1. Listen. Rule #2. Remember what we taught you.


Loink: You’re right! With the master sord, leedle sord, leedle shield, countless supply of crapples, crupees and dead meme summoning powers, Enforcerdorf won’t stand a chance.


Tinkle: go get’em tiger!


Narrator: Loink enters. 2 seconds later there is a game over screen.


Loink: Darn leedle.


Leedle: What do you need help with master Loink?


Loink: Give me motivational banter


Leedle: You’re the worst, around! Everything’s gonna bring you down!


Loink: This time, for serious.


KA: For the last time, good luck


Clichenie: For the last time, HURRY UP!


Enforcerdorf: You won’t last 10 seconds over the county line!


Loink: We’ll see about that


Narrator: Loink dies


Loink: How many seconds was that?


Enforcerdorf: 12


Loink: In your face!


Tinkle: Stop the filler and start fighting


Narrator: Suddenly, a whistle is heard from the sky. Leedle is on the ostrich and ready to shoot the laser. He presses the big red button.


Enforcerdorf: owwwww.


Narrator: The laser does major damage. Enforcerdorf fills in the cracks with Flex Seal liquid, stopping leaks fast, and he is now back at full health.


Loink: Damage!


Narrator: Loink strikes Enforcerdorf with a lethal hit from his master sord, breaking the master sord after one hit.


Loink: Double Damage!


Narrator: Enforcerdorf knock Loink down to 1/16 of a heart


Loink: (crippled) Triple damage!


KA: (whispers) eat your crapples Loink


Narrator: Loink fills up on enough crapples to give himself an impossible amount of stamina. He beats up Enforcerdorf with the leedle sord/shield


Enforcerdorf: I’ve fallen and I can’t get up!


Narrator: Suddenly Enforcerdorf transforms into dark beast form, a giant police car with a mop mustache who can’t stop saying “pull over!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Loink then recieves an ancient bow from the gods of cod, the Bow of Major Damage. 


Loink: I’m not just ready, I’m ready freddy

Cambry: let’s roll


Narrator: Loink and Cambry proceed into an easy boss battle.


Clichenie: I will use my powers to make him open his mop mustache, then that’s when you will deliver the final blow!


Narrator: Enforcerdorf opens mop mustache and is shot by the signature overused dead meme.


Enforcerdorf: Noooo! I didn't want to save my nap for later!


Loink: yeah we saved you Clichenie


Clichenie: Do you remember me Loink?


Loink: (stares deep in space) who care


KA: Hey! Where’s my crown?


Narvi: It’s alright, we’ll find your crown in about 2 pages


 Clichenie: I’m down


Narrator: Enforcerdorf splits in 2 pieces, enforcer and dorf. PE goes back to the real world. Meanwhile, Cambry is depressed.


Loink: What's wrong Cambry


Cambry: I know that we just saved the world and all but aren't you guys tired of rolling so much. Not to mention I'm pretty much the most useless member and have the least lines. I even sit out completely in some adventures.


Loink: (ahem) Cambry, if it wasn't for you, we would have never made it to New Yourk, or go on that road trip, or eat all those different bootleg things, or make it to space, pourtal paradise, and the space 7 11. Thats just a few of the things you have done. Cambry, you’re not our transportation method, you’re our friend and transportation


Tinkle: That was beautiful. My costume is still itchy. 


Cambry: Am I worth more than gold?


Loink:(singing) This is for all the Cambrys, Clichenies all over the world whatever you've been told, you're worth more than gold.


Narvi: Look and listen! Where’s Clichenie?


Clichenie: Dorf captured me again


Loink: Darn leedle


Leedle: What do you need Master Loink?


Loink: Why do you appear everytime I say darn leedle?


Leedle: I’m like the magic conch shell. Or maybe it’s horse vaccines


Loink: Where is clichenie boi.


Leedle: Inside the crown with Dorf waiting for your final fight


Tinkle: Okay! That’s it! I’m taking off the itchy costume


Narrator: He rips it off revealing another costume: Cousin Neil


CN: I'm downstairs making breakfast, freaking pancakes and crapple supreme


Loink: Actually I’m allergic
Narrator: CN stuffs freaking pancakes down Loink’s throat. He get’s a giant zit on his back and “pows” off of a cliff. Game over. You suck.


Loink: Stop killing me.


Narvi: We have to go get the crown save highrule and Clichenie


Tinkle: That sounds copyrighted


Narvi: Have some fun for once


Cambry: let’s roll as friends


Loink: Slow down Cambry we need to get this past the 25 page mark.


Cambry: I guess we can go fight the great Master Burger.

Tinkle: Who is that


Cambry: He is like the master kohga  equivalent of this game


All: DON’T SUE US!


Cambry: Lets roll to the Higa Hideout.


Narrator: They swim all the way to the Higgity, Higgity, Higa Hideout


Prisoner: Help! I’ve been taken captive by the Higa Hideout. They keep force feeding me burgers.


Loink: Don't worry, we’ll liberate this hideout and leave you here to rot


Prisoner: Thank you so much


Narrator: They start to creep around the corner when Tinkle spots a banana on the floor


CN: hey guys, maybe only one of us should sneak around. How about Loink because he’s the main character


Narvi: How about Cambry?


CN: What? This is a stealth mission! He’s the thiccest! 


Loink: No handshakes in the video


Cambry: Fine I'll go


Narrator: He rolls and trips making a lot of damage.


Higa Boi: ALERT! ALERT! Activate the firewall! 


Narrator: They are all trapped inside.


Loink: Guys I need ideas they can one shot me easily 


KA: (whispers) eat your crapple Loink


Narrator: Loink eats all his crapple giving him energy blah blah everyone died. The end


MB: Master burger is my name. Obesity is my game.


Cambry: I hate you! Let’s roll, angrily as friends


Narrator: Loink summons the Flathead screwdriver with some kids face on it and smacks Master Burger.


MB: I’m not so easily defeated


Narrator: He dies instantly. The end


CN: POW!


Cambry: Let’s roll, as friends


Narrator: They roll all the way back to Highrule castle. They see the crown and a tiny cage inside.


Cambry: How are we gonna get in there


Loink: Blues Cluse can we can too


Narrator: They all sing some lame jingle and land inside the crown


Dorf: Wait, fight me first


Narrator: Loink one hit kills him


Clichenie: Do you remember me now?


Loink: NOPE!


KA: Thanks Loink we all love you now


Narrator: Suddenly, everyone is teleported out of the bootleg game and into the real world. It is now juneur year


Clichenie: I’m down


Cambry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 21: Juneur Year