

Narrator: It’s been 15 dubious ostriches since their last adventure. The loser lounge is rolling into school. 


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They get their schedules. They all get the exact same schedule as last year, but with 4th lunch

Brian: Damage I’m gonna get even fatter


Timmy: Have we even learned anything here yet?


Larry: Good jokes, battle of the bands and maybe Placebo


Timmy: Good enough


Brian: Wait, aren’t we going to learn the same stuff each year?


Timmy: We’ve only been here 2 days!


Larry: And this is our 3rd. What’s your point Timmy?


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to 1st lunch.


Brian: Hey look it’s PE maybe he likes us now


PE: 5 DAY DETENTION FOR LOOKING AT ME!


All: Hey brian hey brian hey brian, you suck


Timmy: I don’t want to go to detention


PE: Yeah sure why not


Cambry: What’s our next class?


Larry: This time it’s… 4th lunch


Brian: My body is ready


Narrator: Brian inhales everyone’s lunches


Brian: Nothing changed.


Timmy: True. So what are we gonna do for the rest of the 2 ½ lunches?


Larry: Hey wanna go piss off some secondaries?


Brian: No we have to make that it’s own script


Narrator: In the distance they see a billboard for Carnival Cliche 23: Hey wanna go piss off some secondaries?


Narrator: The bell rings.


Brian: Okay so now we have 2nd period PE


PET: Okay scrubs, today we’re doing the PACER test


Brian: Huh, that’s not that bad.


PET: PACER stands for Pathetic Athletic Circumstetic Ethnic Respiration.


Timmy: What does that mean?

Brian: It means we have to do 5,200 laps 


Larry: Eat my 52 mile time dust bois


Timmy: Can’t we just use Cambry?


PET: Hey, no cheating! Moisturizing is illegal in 10 different countries!


Brian: What country are you from because I've never heard of that before


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They finish the PACER test


Brian: I can’t believe we did all those laps


Cambry: Guys how have I not ran out of mileage yet?


Larry: Darn leedle


PET: Good job guys, for doing the 5200 laps you guys get a C!


Narrator: Larry implodes


Timmy: Oh well, time for 3rd period science


PE: Open your textbooks


Timmy: Do you mean our phones


PE: No electronics in class


Larry: Brian has been playing his gameboi for the past two years/days


Brian: Nobody likes a snitch


PE: Whatever, just play educational games like “Kirby teaches Typing”


Brian: Sure


PE: Alright, class dismissed


Timmy: It's been five minutes


PE: Shut up and get to class


Brian: Darn leedle


Narrator: They leave and head for 4th period motivational math


Timmy: Since when is this class motivational


Brian: It rhymes


Mr. D: This year I will teach math and motivate you to get off drugs


Larry: We aren't on drugs


Mr. D: (claps hands) now you are


Larry: Pass the Wed


Mr. D: Also you guys get to learn about what drugs are the most fun


Timmy: Just start motivating us to get off drugs class is almost over.


Mr. D: Hey kids want some highpotenuses


Brian: I'm cured. That made my motivational speeches I give every ten adventures look like damage


Narrator: The bell rings. They go to 4th lunch


Cambry: This is the best year of my life. Eating multiple meals a day keeps the doctor away.


Brian: shut up I’m supposed to be the fat one


Timmy: What’s our next class?


Brian: 3rd lunch


Narrator: The bell rings as they continue to eat


Cambry: Ok this is just annoying now


Narrator: They roll into their next class; 5th period History with Mr. Sister


Mr. S: Today we will learn about King Swift the First. He was known for inventing the modern day flex tape, carried out through the generations leading up to our lord and savior Phil Swift the Fifty Second


Brian: I wanna be like him when I grow up


Mr. S: If you beat me on the kahoot challenge you win some ancient flex tape from 420 years ago


Timmy: Hey Mr. Sister, why are you named Mr. Sister


Mr. S: Glad you asked young one. You see, my full name is…


Narrator: The bell rings


Mr. S: Find out next year. Class dismissed


Narrator: They head to 7th period bad jokes with Mr. Sahay


Timmy: what happened to Mr. Clichenie


All: NOBODY CARES!


Mr A: Call me Mr. A from now on. Today we begin with puns.


All: Oh no


Mr. A: What is wrong


Timmy: Once Larry starts with puns he can't stop


Larry: Aren’t I sohailarious


Brian: OOF


Larry: That sounds troutastic


Timmy: FOO


Larry: for the love of lobe


All: For the love of Cod


Timmy: Guys nothing cool has happened all day


Narrator: All of the sudden PE runs in and challenges Timmy to a fight after school, barefisted.


Timmy: Well that’s great


PE: i’m gonna lick ya. Better hold on to your crapples


Timmy: Isn’t that considered abuse/grape


Narrator: Due to need for plot they skip 8th period and head to the parking lot to fight PE


PE: You're going brown


Timmy: It's morphine time


Brian: Wait! Elmer took our morphers remember


Timmy: Ok then, I didn't want it to come to this


Narrator: He spins super fast and changes into his Tinkle costume

Brian: Why did you keep that?


Timmy: It is slimming. I saved all of your costumes too if you wanna help


Brian: who care


Narrator: They all keep dancing and turn into their characters


PE: Well i guess i’ll cheat too then


Narrator: PE turns into Enforcerdorf


Timmy: I thought Dorf died


PE: Shut up and Die


Narrator: Loink stabs him once and he dies


PE: Time to assume my final form of Master Burger

Narrator: He transforms into Master Burger


PE: I'm not easily defeated


Narrator: Cambry licks him and he dies


PE: Whatever, see you next year.


Timmy: Yeah we won.


Brian: Lets go home


Timmy: Hey guys, since PE died maybe we could go to school tomorrow.


All: Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 22: Second Dairy