
Narrator: It has been one dairy since their last “adventure.” Now that Parking Enforcer died but still teaches they decided to go to school a second day


Brian: School succs! Why do we have to go 5 days a week!


Timmy: We need education reform


Larry: Whatever, Today is school fight day.


Cambry: What is that?

Larry: Basically it is field day but the school is divided into two groups that do different challenges for points.


Brian: So it’s like splatfest in splatoon


Larry: NO!


Timmy: So it's field day.


Larry: Kinda but our teachers still see us.


Brian: Lit, what are the teams.


Cambry: Since the PE and the bullies all died, the teams are us vs. the secondaries


Larry: Who are they?


Narrator: The Earth stands still. A small cyclone of leaves form below their feet. From the floor rise the second coolest people on earth.


JacobT: We have been summoned


Brian: Who are you guys


Francisco: We’re the second best of the best


Jacob: No one is cringier than us


Kaden: No one has worse grammar than we.


Cambry: Are you guys even friends


Abby: Barely, we kinda just awkwardly walk and talk around each other.


Kaden: Hey baby


Abby: Begone


Larry: Well you guys are gonna lose School Fight Day


JT: Your on


Narrator: They all head to their 1st period ultra lunch


Timmy: What is Ultra Lunch?


Larry: On the second day of every school year, an ultra lunch appears. Once inside, all of the previous lunch cliches appear all at once.


Brian: Whatever


Narrator: They walk inside and it looks like the room is full of random students

Cambry: When do the Cliches start?


JT: FOOOD FIGHT


Brian: I'm not watching that again


Larry: Not that kinda food fight.


Narrator: The entire room becomes a war zone


Brian:(Throwing) TWIN PACK!


Cambry: Go Gurt SLAP


Larry: SEAL


JT: SHRIMP


Cambry: PEPPORONI


Timmy:(above all) Silence! All of you need to stop. Initiate Ultra Weapon. EMOJI GRAM CRACKERS


Narrator: He sprinkles crackers all over the crowd. It all dies down


Timmy: Get to class


PET: Today we will play ultimate frisbee. Choose your teams


Larry: Looks like it is gonna be us vs. the secondaries


Francisco: You're going down


Narrator: Two hours later and the entire school skipped class to watch the game. The score is Loser Lounge 51, Secondaries 51.5. With 10 seconds on the clock the crew takes a timeout.


Larry: Ok guys. I know that Brian usually does these speeches but I wanna try today


Brian: Whatever


Larry: Ok, I don't know how they scored half a point but they did. You guys, we are the best. We have been playing way longer than they have. Nothing can stop us. Timmy, I want you on the left defending Francisco from intercepting


Timmy: Oke


Larry: Cambry, I want you to run over Kaden and Abby.


Cambry: Smart knock out the impossible couple I like it.


Larry: And Brian, I want you to be deep in the end zone, waiting for my Special Throw.


Brian: Lets Go.


Narrator: They break the timeout and enter their positions. Larry preps the throw but forgets about jacob. He charges at him but Larry is quicker.


Larry: Mountain Tornado Throw


Narrator: In the background is that one song that plays when Marty and Alex meet again. The frisbee flies in slow motion across the field. Brian is chasing it down in the end zone. He reaches up and BAM! He catches it with no seconds on the clock, making the score 52 to 51 and ½. 


Timmy: SUGAR HONEY ICED TEA!


Brian: Guys, don't you just lobe buzzer beater cliches


Cambry: Uh guys, maybe running them over wasn’t such a good idea


Brian: I don’t want to go back to the courthouse 


Larry: What should we do?


Timmy: Just run?


Narrator: They rush all the way to science


PE: You’re too early! That’s 3 second dairy spankings for you later!


Brian: Darn that would be the 7th time today


PE: Is that sass? Anyways, today we’ll actually learn something science related. Class, open your textbooks to Page 420.


Timmy: The history of gingers? How is that science?


Brian: Shut up this is brilliant.


Narrator: Suddenly the announcements turn on


Announcer: Tim-othy Thompson Tucker, Larry Ballen and Cambry please come to the office. Those losers please come to the office.


All: Darn leedle


Brian: What about me?


PE: SHUT UP!


Narrator: The 3 friends head to the office. They meet announcer


Announcer: We were wondering if you 3 had any insight on the incident in 2nd period PE.


Larry: Oh yeah, Timmy was using lotion inside the locker room


Timmy: My social life just went out the window


Cambry: i’m standing right here, words hurt.


Announcer: NO! 2 second dairys were injured. Were you a part of this?


All: No…


Announcer: Guess what guys, it’s really me… Brian


All: whew


Brian: Nah just kidding, it’s me the PE


Timmy: Aren’t you supposed to be teaching a class?


PE: SHUT UP! I saw you guys run over the second dairys! Who did it?


Larry: If you saw it happen how do you not know who did it?


PE: Who care? Anyways, I’m gonna suspect it’s Cambry. You’re suspended for 2 gallons! 


Cambry: I’m a car


PE: Ohhh… Sorry, carry on with your day bois.


Narrator: Meanwhile, Brian is learning a lot with the absence of PE


Brian: guys, now I am a ginger baljeet. I know the secret of life!


All: Who care


Timmy: Huh, somehow we learn more without teachers


Larry: Hey guys, we have been in school for way to long. What do you say we skip our next couple classes and go pull some pranks on people like high schoolers do.


Brian: Sounds Trout-tastic, come on Timmy


Narrator: They exit the school right in front of PE and head towards Mr. PE’s house.


Larry: Lets TP PE


Brian: I don't get it


Cambry: I don't have arms


Timmy: Just do it


Narrator: They are almost done TPing PE’s house when he walks out


PE: What do you kids think you are doing


Cambry: Why are you not at school?


PE: Same with you


Timmy: Are we in trouble?


PE: Well, I'm looking around and I don't see any toilet paper so, your good this time.


Larry: Toilet Paper?


PE: Yeah, TP is toilet paper


Brian: No, we meant Teleport


PE: What?


Timmy: We took all of your windows, doors, trees, and pets and teleported them to the Baljeet dimencion


PE: Darn you kids


Timmy: Aren't you a kid


PE: Shut up and get to class


Narrator: They head back to school to find out they are on Christmas break.


Larry: Well, lets go home


Narrator: They all head home


Brian: Hey, I have two extra tickets to the Light Color Concert. Who wants to come.


Larry: Why don't Cambry and I come?


Timmy: What about me?


Cambry: Forget you.


Timmy: Forget you guys.


Narrator: They come back an hour later


Brian: Dang that was fun


Timmy: I bet it was


Larry: I'm sorry but not that sorry. Now go to sleep while we pack for our trip to the Jalapenos. 


Timmy: I wish my bois would disappear.


Narrator: They all wake up in a panic except Timmy.


Larry: We have to go guys are flight is in 10 minutes


Brian: The airport is 50 minutes away.


Larry: Keep it together(slaps)


Narrator: They all rush to the airport and make it on the plane


Cambry: I feel like we are forgetting something.


Brian: Yeah something super important.


Larry: Well we packed all the Flex Tape.


Brian: Wait, did we take a headcount


Larry: (Slaps his own face) Timmy!


Narrator: Meanwhile Timmy wakes up at home and heads to the kitchen.


Timmy: I made my bois disappear!(Smiles) I made my bois disappear


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 23: Timmy Home Alon