
Narrator: It has been 22 terrible “it has been jokes” Since their last adventure. The loser lounge except Timmy is heading to the Jalapenos. Thus, Timmy is hoam alone.


Timmy: Where did they go?


Narrator: I know


Timmy: Can you tell me?

Narrator: No


Timmy: Why not?


Narrator: Plot. Meanwhile, the loser lounge is scrambling in the Jalapenos


Larry: Ok guys I booked us the next flight back to wherever we live. 


Brian: Yeah, seriously I forgot where my house is. I think we sleep inside the school or something
Cambry: What do we do in the meantime?


Larry: How about we party like it’s 1999


All: Yeah 


Narrator: Meanwhile again, Timmy is enjoying being hoam alone.


Timmy: Now that the Loser Lounge isn’t around me, I can spend all my time here enjoying my logic-filled story


Narrator: Sorry Timmy, but your story will be just as cliche and plot- convenienty as our other stories. Also, I’m gonna make you blond.


Timmy: My self-confidence


Narrator: Meanwhile again, Timmy is enjoying being hoam alone. He is eating all the gelatin beans he can while succing up all the waffles


Timmy: I’m fat. Now I have to go grocery shopping for more lard.


Narrator: Unknown to Timmy, Dave and Phil are in white vans on the corner.


Timmy: It’s not unknown because I can hear what your saying


Phil: Hey I thought we should be called the BOI BANDITS


Dave: Ok, lets see what house we want to illegally redecorate.


Narrator: They look around 
Phil: All of these houses have open doors


Dave: Hey there is one with a chain link fence and a guard dog. 


Narrator: They decide on that house which is Timmy’s


Phil: Tonight we will come back and redecorate this boi.


Narrator: Meanwhile, Timmy is buying some groceries


Timmy: Filler UP Please


Cashier: What it be fella, mustard or ketchup (slaps knee) . Where are you going


Timmy: Nowhere. And i’m getting Mayo


Cashier: Is mayonnaise an instrument?  You won't last ten seconds over the store front line.


Timmy: It’s not like I’m in compton


Cashier: no your stupid


Timmy: Im in texas


Cashier: What’s the difference


Narrator: He runs out of the building and back hoam


Dave: Uh oh, there’s a guard dog


Phil: Wait, if we knew there was a guard dog, why did we pick this house?


Dave: Plot


Guard dog: BORK BORK

Narrator: Guard dog runs towards Dave. Dave throws frisbee at him


Phil: Never forget


Dave: I think we just made him mad


Narrator: The guard dog runs faster and starts attacking the chain fence. Both implode


Phil: That was easy


Dave: Never forget


Narrator: Somehow, Timmy doesn't hear them implode and watches nick at nite for ten hours while the bad guys reform in their van.


Phil: That wasn't easy


Dave: How are we gonna get past that guard dog.


Phil: I thought you said they all went on vacation


Dave: I thought so but they must all still be there


Narrator: Timmy runs to the window and screams to the neighborhood “I'M HOAM ALONE BOIS!”


Phil: I think he is hoam alone.


Dave: Sounds fishy


Timmy: I'M DEFINITELY HOAM ALONE 


Phil: Well let’s go steal his blond hair and angrily redecorate his house Fixer Upper Style


Dave: How do you know he has blond hair?


Phil: I think a better question is why I watch HGTV, because criminals watch shows like Sharkcano, Full House, or White Castle


Dave: Whatever


Phil: Wait, we’re a sitcom duo remember, we need to have a catchphrase


Dave: Honey where are my pants


Narrator: Dave jumps on top of the car and screams they are going to break in at nine o’clock


Timmy: It’s that time of the month


Narrator: Timmy, being scared, goes to church where he meets a mysterious figure


Timmy: Who are you


Clichenie: It's me


Timmy: What I thought you were on vacation


Clichenie: I thought you were going to say something like, “Wait i thought you were an atheist, or believed in your own religion”


Timmy: Whatever, hey where have you been staying


Clichenie: Under your bed


Timmy: Hey I will question that later. It's 8:59. We have to go home and build some traps in one minute


Clichenie: How


Timmy: MONTAGE


Narrator: Cue Montage. A few moments later


Clichenie: I can’t believe we set up all those traps


Timmy: I know, you have zero trapsetting experience


Clichenie: Thanks


Phil: Your lucky we waited a minute


Dave: We need a battle cry


Phil: Leedle leedle leedle lee.


Dave: hot


Timmy: In positions, I'll go up and you go down


Clichenie: Racist


Narrator: Phil and Dave split and Phil goes down to the basement entrance. The floor is covered in bone marrow which makes him slip. He eventually makes it to the door and pries it open.


Phil: Wait I should check for things that could fall on me.


Narrator: Right above him Clichenie drops some lightning right on his head. The lightning splits a mask revealing he is actually Dave in disguise


Dave: Dang it broke my mask and left a lightning bolt scar.


Clichenie: You're a wizard Davey


Dave:(talking on walkie talkie) Phil, all I have to do is climb the stairs. Meet you in the kitchen.

Narrator: He starts to climb the stairs that are covered and flex seal liquid. It sticks to his feet stripping him down to his feet. He almost makes it when he steps on a Shrek DVD shard.


Dave: AOAOOSOAOAOdHSJOASOOF


Narrator: He falls back downstairs and cries. Meanwhile, Phil is at the front door. He walks up the steps and slips. He decides to walk in the bushes like a smart person. 


Phil: Dang this kid knows how to party.


Dave:(walkie)MMPHMHPH


Phil: (Opening Door) What was that?


Narrator: He opens the door and see the entire police force including Parking Enforcer in his living room.


PE: You're under arrest


Phil: It's not me it's Dorf


PE: What


Timmy: Yeah we killed Dorf


Phil: No, after you defeated him he turned into a rat and scatted away. Now he is in spirit form controlling our brains


PE: Really?


Phil: No. (points up) Your on a hidden camera show Krackatowa a segment of the Dave and Phil Show.


Timmy: Wow you really got us


PE: Yeah I almost helped this kid


Dave: Yeah, lets go home Phil


Phil: But wait there’s more!

Timmy: Huh.


Phil: Because it is Christmas, we are moving in baby


Narrator: The loser lounge immediately shows up after not being mentioned the whole time.


Larry: What's going on?


Dave: Were moving in


Brian: How Rude


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 24: Chrismas Thyme