
Narrator: It’s been 35 christmas since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge is spending Christmas with their uncles/the guys breaking in their house


Timmy: Guys, it’s the night before Chrismas and our house isn’t decorated not to mention we don’t have a tree


Larry: Wait Timmy I thought you were an atheist


Uncle Phil: We’ll buy a tree


Timmy: Earlier you guys were trying to break into our house, now Phil’s the uncle and Dave’s the cousin?


Dave: wait i’m older than phil


All: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to Home Depo to buy a tree


Larry: One tree please


Cashier: Sounds good. Except we’re out of trees


Larry: How?


Cashier: Why are you guys getting a tree the night before Chrismas?


Brian: We have the power of plot convenience on our side


Timmy: can we hurry up and get the tree already


Larry: Don’t be a jerk Timmy, Santa Chris can hear you


Timmy: Santa Chris isn’t real


Narrator: Suddenly, Timmy turns into Timward


Larry:(Gasps) Timward!


Narrator: Suddenly, Larry turns into Larrybob


Brian: what do I become


Narrator: You stay the same


Brian: Darn leedle


Narrator: Never mind, you become Patrickbrian. That’s the best we could come up with


Patrickbrian: Shut up I love this. I’m Timward, I’m Timward.


All: We’re Timward, We’re Timward, We’re Timward


SL: Guys are we getting a tree or not


PB: Yeah


Cashier: Whatever take this old coral tree


Timward: SL PB why’d you do this to me?


Both: This Christmas feels like the very first Christmas to me!


Narrator: They all head home.


Uncle Phil: Wait is this a full house ripoff or a spongebob Chrismas ripoff?


Patrickbrian: The full house ripoff will be another day


Timward: Shut up and let’s eat our Chrismas Feast


Patrickbrian: What feast?


Uncle Phil: Oh it’s not ready yet. Actually we haven’t even started yet.


Spongelarry: Who’s gonna make it?


Uncle Phil: Cousin Dave of course! Oh, and Clichenie will help


Narrator: A few moments later


Clichenie: I can’t believe we made that whole feast in a few moments!


Timward: I know, you have zero culinary experience


Clichenie: Thanks!


Patrickbrian: Set the table, I’m ready to feast


Spongelarry: woah fatty, we have to say a few prayers first


Timward: We’re not praying to Santa Chris are we?


Spongelarry: Of course not, we’re praying to Elmer! Everyone hold hands!


Uncle phil: amen


Patrickbrian: Let’s eat!


Timward: Uh guys, I can’t eat any of this food


All: Why not Timward


Timward: I’m a vegetarian.


Cousin Dave: (to Clichenie) I told you we shouldn’t have made green beans, applesauce and hot fudge sundaes


Clichenie: But he can eat those, they don’t have meat in them


Timward: Yeah but there’s no vegetables in any of those things


Clichenie: But…


All: NOBODY CARES!


Narrator: Timward proceeds to eat the food anyways. He starts choking


Timward: I think I’m having an allergic reaction!


Clichenie: To what?


Timward: The green beans, applesauce and hot fudge sundaes!


Clichenie: Why?


Timward: I’m a vegetarian, remember!


Clichenie: Oh yeah


Patrickbrian: Wait, how have you been talking this whole time?


Timward: Shut up, don’t say a ward (bad pun)


Narrator: Timward dies. They take him to a mediocre at best cemetery


Uncle Phil: We’ll have one grave please


Cashier: Sorry we’re all out of those


Spongelarry: Barnacles, what are we gonna do now


Uncle Phil: Let’s just dig up someone’s grave and put Timward in there


Patrickbrian: Gee, Uncle Phil and Cousin Dave are great role models.


Timward: Is this even legal


All: NOBODY CARES!


Cousin Dave: who does this grave even belong to anyways


Spongelarry: Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen


Uncle Phil: He’s wearing a hat that says he’s number one. Wanna give it to Timward? 


Cousin Dave: sure what can go wrong


Narrator: out of plot and pure stupidity they take the hat


SW: hey give that back


Uncle Phil: Nope


Cousin Dave: (whistles) yee doggie


Narrator: the guard dog eats the bones of SW


SW: not cool man


Guard dog: is it alright if I'm part of your guys adventure?


Cousin Dave: sure why not 


Timward: wait I'm allergic to cat fur


Narrator: Timward implodes


Patrickbrian: wait I thought he was already dead


Spongelarry: who care


Timward: I guess I’m alive now


Patrickbrian: Great we just used a bunch of filler and wasted pages


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll home

Timward: According to this calendar, Chrismas is tomorrow


All: Darn leedle


Uncle Phil: Well we can spend the day chrismas shopping


Timward: yee


Partickbrian: I don’t wanna go


Spongelarry: me neither


Cousin Dave: Should we leave them at home by themselves?


Uncle Phil: Sure why not


Guard dog: Can i go shopping as well


Uncle Phil: Sure why not


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll onto the freeway. It’s very busy


Cousin Dave: Darn, Chrismas time traffic


Timward: Wait, what mall are we going to anyways?


Uncle Phil: The generic mall in spongebob called Mall


Timward: okay


Cousin Dave: It’s very quiet and awkward in here wanna listen to some music?


Timward: Ooh, I can play music for you guys. I call this one, Solitude in E minor


Patrickbrian: Yay e minor!


Spongelarry: What?


Patrickbrian: Idk suddenly I’m into instruments


Spongelarry: Wanna make a cliche band


Patrickbrian: Sure


Spongelarry: Oh wait, we don’t have any instruments


Patrickbrian: is mayonaise an instrument

Spongelarry: no of course not. Horseradish is an instrument though


Patrickbrian: is my adhesive tail an instrument


Spongelarry: I don’t think we have any instruments


Patrickbrian: Lets just sing


SL and PB: Shaping up to be a wonderful holiday


Narrator: They’re done shopping


Timward: That sucked


All: Santa’s coming tonight tonight, santa’s coming tonight tonight


Timward: Ok guys time for bed.


PB: Yeah or else Santa Chris wont come


Timward: Santa Chris isn't real barnacle heads 


Narrator: They all go to sleep. Halfway through his daily fancy dream, Timward awakes with a start. He looks up and sees a man dressed in red with a long white beard.


Timward: Who goes there? I know interpretive dance!


SW: HO HO OH NO!


Timward: Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen?


SW: You caught me little boy.


Timward: What are you doing in my house?


SW: I'm Santa Chris


Timward: No your not.


SW: Yeah you know that and I know that but please don't tell anyone.(gets serious) When I was little I asked for a limited edition bag of pretzel bits. When it didn't come I knew he wasn't real. So, to stop kids from going through what I went through, I became Santa Chris. I couldn't take the belief and faith out of these kids.


Narrator: After that speech PB and SL wake up


Both: Ssssan Ssssan Sssan Ssssanta Chris!


PB: I'm tasting him with my eyes.


SW: Hello children who wants presents.


Narrator: Just before he hands out the gifts, they fall out of the sky. All of them get gifts including Smitty who gets his pretzel bits.


Santa Chris: Ho Ho Ho, Merry Chrismas!


Narrator: They all hug as Santa fades into the distance


SL: Wait if he is Santa then who are you?


SW:(throws smoke bomb) Not sponsored by Spongebob


Narrator: Elmer appears before them.


Elmer: Now that you understand the meaning of Chrismas I will give you back your morphers.


PB: hey what happened to those anyways?


Elmer: i didn’t give them to you because you guys were untrustworthy


PB: it’s okay we’re reliable (takes morpher)


Elmer: okay make sure to not press the big red button


Narrator: out of pure genius and plot, PB pushes the big red button


TW: why’d you do that


PB: what, I’m a hand and it’s a big red button


TW: Anyone remember where Cambry went?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 25: the big red button