

Narrator: It has been 25s since their last adventure. The loser lounge just pressed a red button when told not to. Elmer is mad.


Elmer: I thought you had finally matured. I'm taking these back again. Call me later.


Brian: At least we aren't spongebob characters anymore


Larry: Twinkle Twinkle Patrick Brian


Timmy: Guys what do you think that button did?


Cambry: Well it made Clichenie disappear and gave me more lines.


Larry: You know what that means


All: Another ten scripts looking for Clichenie!


Cambry: Where do we look first?


Brian: I'm thinking we go somewhere magical. How about disneyland!


All: Lets go get sued  Lets go get sued Lets go get sued


Narrator: Cambry drives them their and they begin looking.


Brian: I think he would be somewhere that requires magic


Timmy: It's disneyland, it's all magical.


Larry: Brian has a point, we won't just see him walking around. What is the most magical place in the most magical place on Earth?


All: The gift shop!


Narrator: They walk down the lonely roady to the gifty shopy


Brian: Woah, $20 for a bottle of water, this place really is magical!


Timmy: What a scam


Larry: Shut up Timmy it’s a great deal
Larry: Ok, now what is the most magical place of the most magical place in the most magical place in the world


All: Michael Mouse Dolls


Timmy: My minds telling me no, but my body, my body’s telling me yes


Narrator: They walk over.


Timmy: Guys if he was two feet away we would have seen him already


Brian: You're right and these aren't even michael mouse dolls, they're lightning mcqueen hanky dandy lollipops


Larry: Yeah, cars isn’t even a Disney movie


Timmy: Hey do you guys hear that


Announcer: HEy baddadadababda hey badadabdada swing!


Larry: Ooh it’s one of those hammer games


Announcer: Once you win Clichenie, you own Clichenie


Brian: Guys who has the most muscles


Cambry: How about me, I can over the bell thingy


Larry: no, that’s too complicated


Timmy: I'll go


Cambry: You don't have muscles, you only have rock hard abs.


Timmy: Those are the same thing


Brian: how about we use my nose


Larry: We need DINO DAN


Timmy: Wait guys, the thing you hit the hammer with is a big red buttin


Larry: maybe we shouldn’t do it, we have bad luck with big red buttin things


Narrator: Cambry hits the button


Cambry: What, I'm a hand it's a big red buttin


Narrator: Nothing happens, except all the villains in their past adventure spawn and now they are going to win Clichenie


Hitman: Feels good to be black


Timmy: Do you mean back


PE: Shut up, I’m gonna win Clichenie


Announcer: Hey badababa swing, hacahaca once you win Clichenie you own Clichenie


PE: SHUT UP!


Timmy: Why are the only villains PE and hitman, we have killed a lot of people


Brian: Wait what happened to Malboi


Larry: He got zapped by Gandalf remember


Narrator: Malboi falls out of the sky and turns to dust


Malboi: It’s good to be black


Timmy: You’re dead and british


Malboi: oh yeah


Narrator: Hitman and PE swing at the same time


Announcer: We got a winner!


PE: hey Hitman can I keep him, I mean you got a cool ray gun thingy


Hitman: Naw man, I need this guy to babysit my kids


PE: My kids all went to police academy


Hitman: How old are they


PE: 12


Narrator: Suddenly, PE’s son appears from the sky


PE’s son: Dad, I haven’t seen you in 20 years


PE: SHUT UP


PE’s son: Dad, you have spent so much time hunting these kids you forgot your own family. Your other two children died at the academy and you weren’t even there


PE: Not Peter and Lucy


PE’s Son: Their names were Marcus and Jane


Hitman: Hey PE why do you need a babysitter when he’s 32 years old


PE: Pullover


PE’s son: Well, bye dad


PE: Wait, tell my wife I said hi


PE’s Son: Your wife has been dead for the past 25 years


PE: She never lobed me


PE’s son: No she died of dysentery remember


Clichenie: Wait, so who owns me?


Hitman: I do


Clichenie: Not on my watch.


Narrator: Clichenie teleports to the top of Space Slope


Announcer: What does my life mean anymore bada ba.


Timmy: How did Announcer acquire Clichenie anyways?


Clichenie: Cousin Neil made me do it


Larry: I know Clichenie is on top of Space Slope, but can we ride it?


Brian: Sure why not


Hitman: Not if I get there first.


Narrator: It took them three hours to walk three feet.


Larry: (out of breath)Wait a minute, I don’t even like roller coasters


Timmy: Who care


Narrator: Cue cliche plot twist time. Due to the mediocre at best light effects of Space Slope, it bounces off of Brian’s greasy nose, hitting Hitman in the eye, causing him to fire a shot and land on Larry


Larry: OOF. See this is why I don’t like roller coasters


Timmy: well most roller coasters don’t have hitmen on them


Larry: Shut up Timmy


Brian: Wait, what was even the consequence of that shot


Narrator: Suddenly, Brian gets struck by lightning


Brian: Oh, that’s not that bad then


Narrator: Suddenly, Larry becomes Zoe
Timmy: Darn leedle


Announcer: Once you win Zoe, you become Zoe


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: To be continued in Carnival Cliche 26: Zoe Adventure


Larry: No that’s horrorable


Brian: That’s the point Cabs


Timmy: Is that just a ripoff of Island Adventure


Announcer: I just wanted to have some fun, bada ba. Larry, you are free to grow, hachacha


Larry: What


Narrator: Larry grows out of zoe and turns into mega Larry


Announcer: Oops, hachach


Larry: Now can you make me normal again


Announcer: Ok


Narrator: Presto Pesto


Announcer: I'm a friend, bada ba


Narrator: They all make it to the top of the Pirates of the Bahamas ride.


Timmy: Wait I thought he was on Space Slope


Brian: No, he is in the waterpark


Cambry: Can I have a line?


Larry: Why not


Timmy: Wait, are cars even allowed in the park?


Larry: Who care


Cambry: Lets roll


Narrator: They roll to the cashier to enter the waterpark


Cashier: Sir we only accept rupees


Larry: How about I give you this Zoe


Cashier: NO WAY THAT IS THE LEGENDARY ZOE THAT’S WORTH -1.5 MILLION DOLLARS.


Larry: yep and we’ll sell it you for $5


Narrator: He lets them into the park.


Brian: I forgot my wallet


Timmy: I picked it up


Brian: That’s not my wallet


Timmy: You're brian right


Brian: Yep


Timmy: And this is your ID right

Brian: Yep


Timmy: I found this ID in this wallet, making it your wallet


Brian: Sounds right to me


Timmy: Then take it


Brian: It's not my wallet

Timmy: Whatever


Larry: Do we even have ID’s?


Cambry: Guys shut up and put on your sunscreen


Timmy: You’re not my mom


Cambry: Besides Cousin Dave, I’m the closest you have to a mother


Timmy: Let’s just cut down on filler and just go on the ride


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to the Pirates of the Bahamas. There is a 5 hour line, but it’s really short


Timmy: Damage this one is 2 feet


Larry: I don't wanna be alive any more


Narrator: A few hours later


Larry: (out of breath) Geez the long ride is over


Brian: How are you out of breath if we didn't move we are still in line


Timmy: Yeah, we haven’t even gone on the ride yet


Hitman: Hey guys I’m gonna ride with you


Larry: No see, there is 4 of us, Brian, Me, Timmy and Narrator. Hitman, just be a single rider


Hitman: Darn leedle


Larry: (out of breath)


Brian: Hey guys just for fun why don’t we ride on Cambry instead of the boat


Larry: I need an Inhaler please.


Announcer: Hey badabad badad swing are you ready to go on an island adventure hachacha.


Timmy: How did you get here


Announcer: I’m literally the only worker at this park


Larry: Does that mean you make all the money?


Announcer: No, the owner of the park gets all of my profits.


Brian: Who is the owner?


Announcer: Me. And since I am the owner, I will take you wherever you need to go


Cambry: That’s my job.


Larry: Straight to Clichenie please


Narrator: The announcer takes them all to the exit of the park


Announcer: Hachacha, I’m secretly an undercover cop, and buying drugs is illegal


Timmy: Wait, you don't have to do this.


Announcer: You're right, I need to reevaluate my life


Narrator: The announcer then walks into the woods


Larry: Forget him.


Clichenie: I know I could just come with you guys but I would rather inconvenience you all


Narrator: Clichenie opens a portal and they all fall through.


Clichenie: Welcome to the Bootleg Dimencion


Narrator: He teleports all the way to the heart of the jungle


Cambry: What is the bootleg version of Lets Roll? I got it. Lets Stroll.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 26: The Bootleg Dimencion