

Narrator: It has been 9 months since their last adventure. The loser lounge has been thrown into the Bootleg Dimenchion to find Clichenie in the Heart of the Jungle


Larry: Guys, what is happening?


Narrator: All of the characters become terribly animated and voiced over


Brian: My words don't match my mouth.


Cambry: I look like a shopping cart


Timmy: I feel great


Larry: Ok, the first thing we need to find Clichenie are some Poachers


Brian: Nooooooo!


Larry: Why not?


Brian:(Tearing up) Remember Eli-Eliphant


Larry: Right, I guess we can buy some hunting supplies


Narrator: They go to the What’s Up Convenience Store. The cashier points at Timmy


Cashier: I don't like people like you in my restaurant.


Timmy: Why


Cashier: Your name has three T’s


Timmy: How do you know that?


Cashier: Whatever, what would you like to buy?


Larry: What are you selling?


Cashier: I got everything. Elephant Lion hybrid babies, balloons, veggies, Clichenie tracking tech, basically anything.


Brian: We will take the veggies


Timmy: No we need the Clichenie Tracking tech


Cambry: That’s a mouthful. I'm calling it the CTT


Larry: Timmy is right. One CTT please


Cashier: License and registration please


Cambry: Here you go.


Cashier: This is a five dollar gift card to Five Below


Cambry: Now you can call it Free Below.


Cashier: You know, I was gonna have you arrested for giving me this but because of that joke, your off the hook.


Larry: Thanks we won't let you down.


Cashier: Wait a minute, what’s your name Larry?


Larry: Uh uh ah uh uh


Cambry: Don’t say it!


Brian: His name is ching-ling


Cashier: That’s it! I don’t want that Asian guy in my restaurant. He didn’t even say anything when I gave him a cookie!


Timmy: Have you tried giving him a fortune cookie, that could work?


Narrator: Cashier gives Larry a fortune cookie and the Loser Lounge is banned from the store for life


Cashier: Don’t come back ever again


Cambry: You’ll regret this. We’re literally your only customers


Cashier: oh yeah


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They are rolling down a knock off pokemon game when out of the thick grass comes gene


Timmy: Gene! Why are you here?


Gene: I don't know. I'm not even bootleg


Larry: Maybe you are the key of finding Clichenie


Brian: Yeah, do you know where the heart of the jungle is?


Gene: I think it is in the heart of the jungle


Cambry: Lets roll!


Narrator: They roll out of the game and into DC Comics: Infinity Fight


Larry: Guys lets get out of here half of us are about to die

Narrator: They take a left


Brian: Guys what is this place


Narrator: They are now inside a virus from a bootleg anime site.


Brian: Hey Larry am I gonna die


Larry: Probably


Elmer: Gene, activate your power. The power of bootleg.


Gene: Ok Santa. Gavin HUAAAAAAA!


Narrator: Gene uses all of his chakra to summon his bootleg birthright.


Gene: Guys how do I know if it worked.


Larry: Easy, Gene, say that one line from Finding Dory.


Gene: Hi, I'm dorothy, I like snails.


Brian: It’s shells. My god it worked.


Gene: This is awesome, textopolis is gonna be sooo gelous


Timmy: Ok Gene, now that you can summon bootleg, where is the heart of the jungle


Gene: (Scanning) Oh no


Cambry: Oh no what?


Gene: Good news and bad news. Good news is it's only three days away by car.


All: Yah


Gene: Bad news is it's through…. Bootleg Bungalow


Larry: What is that?


Gene: The most well known Fortnite ripoff… Nortfite!


All: Scary Teri isn't Scary, Scary Teri isn't Scary


Gene: Also, since we need filler, before we go there we need to get the secret sauce.


Timmy: Why?


Gene: I'm hungry OK?!


Brian: Ok fine, where is it?


Gene: VR CHAT!


All: MEH


Narrator: They turn right and enter VR CHAT. They see that PE is guarding the secret sauce as an anime avatar.


PE: Konichiwa. DO YOU WANT THE SAUCE!


Larry: Yes.


PE: Answer my riddle first. What has two thumbs and can't seem to get abby.


Brian: I know this one! The answer is Kaden.


PE: Correct. Second riddle.


Timmy: NAH


Narrator: Timmy takes out his signature shank and shanks PE, revealing his true form.


PE: You darn kids are the reason I don't see my kids.


Timmy: You don’t see your kids because they are a disgrace


PE: You’re right. They’ll never be better than me at Nortfite


Timmy: Shut up guys, let Gene drink his sauce


Narrator: Gene drinks the sauce and they head towards Bootleg Bungalow.


Larry: What dangers await us Gene.


Gene: Bush campers, Builders, Trappers, and the worst of all…. CANDLESTICKS!


Brian: Don't worry I got me a legendary SCAB.


Narrator: Brian is immediately sniped by a Candlestick.


Brian: There's a healing ointment in the heart of the jungle


Gene: How do you know that?


Brian: I got brains.


Larry: Why aren't you dead


Brian: This blub-mug revived me


Timmy: Oops, sorry I sniped you


Brian: Wait, in this bootleg game you can kill your own teammates


Timmy: Let’s work as a team. Hey can you guys turn your backs to me


All: okay


Timmy: When we get there, I’ll kill you all


Brian: What was that Timmy?


Larry: Oh, he said…


Timmy: SHUT UP


Larry: Okay


Cambry: Uh guys there’s only 1 other team left


Timmy: We’ve been here for 30 seconds


Brian: What’s the other team?


Larry: They’re holding up a sign that reads The Seccondairryz


Brian: Oh yeah, secondaries can’t spell


Larry: We have a problem, none of us have guns


Brian: We’ll beat them with the power of good english conventions


Timmy: No guys if you guys go in the storm you get unlimited Dbucks


Larry: Join my giveaway by liking, commenting, subscribing and other banter


Narrator: Everyone but Timmy goes into the storm, including the secondaries


Timmy: That was easy


Narrator: They get teleported out of Nortfite


Larry: Uh oh, we have 2 more stops before we can make it to the heart of the jungle. We can choose which one we want


Timmy: What are they


Cambry: Fanfiction land, Phonics and Verb and Cliche bootleg dimenchion


Larry: they're pourtals


Brian: so basically we're doing bootleg pourtal thyme


Gene: yep. Except you need to get the keys to the heart of the jungle in each dimenchion


Narrator: to be continued in carnival cliche 27: bootleg portal thyme


Larry: okay guys let’s split up just like in the original


Timmy: that's a terrible idea


Larry: I'll go in phonics and verb, Timmy will go in Cliche bootleg dimenchion


Timmy: damage


Larry: and Brian will go in fan fiction land


Brian: (silent)


Timmy: here goes nothing


Larry: Brian?


Narrator: Larry drags Brian in his pourtal


Brian: I want to live! I want to live!


Larry: darn leedle


Cambry: wait do i do?


Announcer: same here badaba


Gene: meh


Larry: Why don't you go into the fourth bootleg pourtal that popped up due to convenience.


Narrator: To be continued in Carnival Cliche 72: Bootleg the Fourth Pourtal. Whatever, they all jump into their pourtals. Let’s start with Brian. He lands on a bed of clouds.


Brian: Hey this ain’t so bad.


Narrator: The next thing Brian saw was Kaden and Abby walking by holding hands.


Brian: It finally happened


Narrator: Then Jacob and Abby came by. Then Stanley and Abby. And finally other Jacob and Abby.


Brian: This is awful. Nobody dates that many people in one year.


Larry: Who even writes these fanfictions?


Brian: how are you here.


Timmy: We can teleport i guess


Brian: Leave me alone!


Narrator: They leave. He gets to his feet and starts walking toward the area in the middle of the map. He stumbles upon The Hitman.


Brian: Why are you here?


Hitman: I created this place. But today I'm here to pick up my kids. Their mom had them for the last 25 adventures


Brian: Can you give me the key to the heart of the jungle.


Hitman: Meh, whatever. Last one out locks up.


Narrator: Hitman throws Brian the key and he is teleported to the entrance. Next up, Larry. He meets Phonics and Verb immediately.


Phonics: Hi I'm Phonics. Let’s build something.


Verb: I don't like to talk but when I do I'm intellectual.


Larry: Do you guys know where the key to the heart of the jungle is?


Phonics: Baljeet has it


Larry: Can you take me to him?


Phonics: I know who we will help Verb


Larry: This place is really bootleg.


Narrator: They make a right past Candy their sister. They end up at Rick’s house


Baljeet: Do you want the key?


Larry: Yeah


Baljeet: Then beat me in an emote dance off.


Larry: Ok


Narrator: Baljeet steps outside and begins to do groovy. Larry is knocked to the floor.


Larry: I have a powerful emote that can stop all PC players


Narrator: Larry salutes


Baljeet: Impossible


Larry: PURPLE INJUSTICE!! (does it wrong)


Narrator: Baljeet disintegrates leaving only the key.


Larry: Later.


Narrator: He reunites with Brian at the gate. Lastly, Timmy, reliving the road trip with Larty, Baron, and Carbry


Carby: Guys our tires are running low.


Baron: Activate the Nova thruster


Larty: To New Mexico, then Kansas, and finally New Jersey to find Clichener.


Carby: Let’s move


Brian: UP SHUT CARBY


Timmy: Hey is the key for the heart of the jungle in the trunk.


Carby: Yeah Tim. Just get it.


Timmy: NEVER CALL ME TIM!


Narrator: He shanks everyone in the car including the car and gets the key. He is reunited with everybody.


Larry: Timmy you made it we have to go.


Timmy: Why


Brian: The storm is closing in.


Timmy: Wait, Cambry, what was in the fourth portal.


Cambry: Just an Arbys. Hey since I was their we can call it Carbys.


Timmy: NEVER AGAIN. Long story lets go.


Narrator: They open the gate and see Clichenie eating a large cheese.


Clichenie: Well done my children. Welcome to the heart of the jungle. We've got lots of jungles.


Brian: I bet


Narrator: All around them are animals praying to Elmere


Clichenie: What do you asked of me?


Larry: Clichenie it's us. The loser lounge.


Clichenie: Oh hey guys.


Timmy: Dude why do you keep running away.


Brian: Guys, I know Larry is the therapist but I got this.(walks over) Clichenie, what's wrong.


Clichenie: Ok, I know we do this every ten adventures and I have already done this, but I'll give it a go. Guys I'm scared.


Brian: Why?


Clichenie: Well, the first time I ran away I needed some cheese but this time, I was afraid. Our adventures have always been so much fun. I've seen the whole universe thanks to you guys. But, sadly, our adventures are coming to a close. These days it seems plot convenience is the only thing keeping us doing stuff. Lets face it. Without that buttin we would be bored right now. That’s why I'm going home. You can't talk me out of it.


Brian: I don't understand, you live with us.


Clichenie: I'm going back to Planet Cligenie


Larry:(whispering)Brian talk him out of it like you always do.


Brian: I can't


Cambry: Why not?


Brian: This bootleg world makes motivational speeches five words long. Watch. Clichenie, you don't need to leave.


Clichenie: That the best you got.


Brian: This isn't over.


Clichenie: Whatever, guys it has been an honor, but I don't belong here.


Narrator: Clichenie teleports to his home planet and the loser lounge is back home.


Larry: Now what?


Brian: Ok, here is the plan. We need to talk Clichenie into coming back. Can we portal back to his home planet?


Cambry: Our portals are unusable. Besides, you lost your ability to persuade.


Brian: I guess we have to find some artifact that can bring my voice back. Larry, anything like that around?


Larry: There is an artifact called the Vocal Amplifier. It is just an apple heavily guarded in a government facility.


Brian: Ok that’s good. Now Timmy, Elmer isn't helping us right now because we screwed things up. Don't you have that portal gun you got from the OG portals?


Timmy: Government took it in my sleep.


Brian: Guys, I have a plan. Our mission, if we choose to except it, is to infiltrate the government facility and get our stuff.


Larry: Ok and Brian is our leader for this mission. He has that vibe.


Cambry: Lets Roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 27: Mission Improbable