
Narrator: It has been a long day without you my friend since their last adventure. The loser lounge is currently planning their master heist.


Brian: Ok guys, before we do anything we need to get cool code names and outfits.


Timmy: Where do we get those?

Brian: Duh, the cashier’s house.


Narrator: They are almost there when Larry asks a question.


Larry: Why don't we just go to the convenient store?


Brian: The cashier keeps the cool stuff at his house.


Narrator: They ring the doorbell and the cashier comes out.


Cashier: It’s my day off.


Brian: We need secret spy stuff.


Cashier: Just go downstairs and take what you need free of charge.


Narrator: They walk downstairs and see a high tech super store. In the middle of the room is a smaller room titled spy stuff


Larry: Where do we start?


Timmy: I'll look for clothes. You guys look for code names.


Narrator: They see a bin filled with different code names. They begin sorting through them.


Brian: Found mine, my code name is Red6.


Larry: Why?


Brian: I'm a 6 foot ginger duh. What about you?


Larry: I'm going to be A.I.


Brian: Why?


Larry: Asian Indian duh. Cambry?


Cambry: I'm going to be Cargo9


Brian: That makes sense.


Narrator: Timmy comes back with the clothes.


Timmy: I guess I can be Sohailsdad219


Both B and S: Why?


Timmy: Top 2 best fortnite players combined.


Brian: Ok guys. Lets go over the plan one more time. The government facility is called the Tubular Tower in New Mexico. In order to get in we need a hacker. Cambry, that's you.


Cambry: Lit


Brian: Your job is to bypass the security software and find me more spy vocabulary to use. Also, we need ID badges. The rest of us will be posing as workers there.


All: Ok


Brian: Finally, our items are to be found on the top floor. We will have to sneak pass whatever guards are there.


Larry: Got it.


Brian: Everyone ready?


All: LETS ROLL


Narrator: Cambry drives them to the Tubular Tower. They are almost there when Timmy asked Cambry a question.


Timmy: How are those ID badges going?


Cambry: All done Sohailsdad219.


Narrator: Cambry hands out the IDs and they pull up outside.


Brian: Ok, obviously these IDs are just in case. We still can't just walk through the front door. There is an entry point on the 6 out of 9 floors. Larry, you have to scale the side of the building, secure our entrance, and help us up.


Larry: Got it. Wait for my signal.


Narrator: Larry launches a grappling hook up into the entry point. He begins climbing and makes it to the entry point. He sees it has a password for some reason.


Larry: (radio)Hey guys, this entry point is blocked with a password.


Timmy: How did you put the grappling hook in a closed door?


Larry: Whatever, Cambry figure this out.


Cambry: Hacking away.


Narrator: Five minutes later.


Cambry: Ok the password is 1568


Narrator: Larry inputs the code and climbs into the crawlspace.


Larry: Head on up Red6 and 219


Both: Got it.

Narrator: They all climb up.


Brian: Ok guys, now we need to get to the elevator to the eighth floor, and then take the stairs to the ninth floor. The elevator is blocked by a single guard highly trained. To get pass him we have to go government worker mode.


Larry: You might not even need that Vocal Amplifier.


Brian: Whatever lets roll.


Narrator: They roll in front of the elevator and see the guard.


PE: Identification please.


Timmy: Sure thing(reading name tag) PARKING ENFORCER!


PE: Damage you kids made fake IDs for this?


Larry: yeah


PE: SHUT UP!


Narrator: They all pick PE up and throw him out the window.


Brian: In the elevator everyone.


Narrator: They hop into the elevator and sing along with the elevator music.


All: Doo do do do do do do do do doo do do doo do do doo.


Narrator: They make it to the eighth floor in front of the staircase.


Brian: I don't get it. This should not be working so well.


Narrator: Brian instantly is struck by lightning. Also, a huge bomb falls into the center of the floor and will explode in five bottles of milk on the wall.


Larry: Brian is a job for you.


Timmy: He is incapacitated.


Cambry: Ok guys this one is a cliche bomb. I can't diffuse it. You have to cut the right wire.


Larry: There is a green and a red wire.

Cambry: Ok cut the green wire


Larry: Why?


Cambry: Green is what McDaniels Shamrock Shakes taste like.


Larry: Ok?


Narrator: He is about to cut the wire.


Timmy: Wait that is the red wire!


Larry: Screw you colorblindness!!!


Timmy: I got this.


Larry: Ok cut the blue wire.


Timmy: You mean green?


Larry: I can't READ!


Narrator: He cuts the wire and brian is back on his feet.


Brian: Thanks guys now to the final floor.


Narrator: They walk upstairs and see Clichenie in spirit form.


Clichenie: Hello old friends.


Brian: Clichenie don't worry we are here to get stuff to help you.


Clichenie: I am finally free. I don't need your help.


Narrator: He disappears.


Larry: Guys we need to get the Vocal Amplifier and pourtal launcher.


Brian: Let’s go!


Narrator:Brian drinks the Vocal Amplifier


Brian: It can only be used one time so let’s not use it right now


Timmy: I have the portal launcher. Let’s install it into Cambry and save Clichenie


Narrator: They sneak back outside and are about to turn the corner.


Timmy: Where is Cambry?


Larry: One second Cambry is calling me.


Hitman: Hello Larry


Larry: What do you want Hittyboi?


Hitman: I've captured your friend. If you want him back, bring me the portal launcher. Meet me at the abandoned gas station at mid late afternoon.


Larry: Got it.


Brian: What do we do?


Larry: Just what he asked, we go to the abandoned gas station. Except that instead of giving up the portal launcher, we give him something else.


Narrator: They stroll up and find Cambry dangling above an alaskan bull worm.


Hitman: Do you have what I asked for?


Larry: Not exactly. TIMMY NOW!


Narrator: Timmy leaps out behind his ear and shanks the hitman.


Timmy: Congratulations Hitman!


Hitman: Why?


Timmy: You were finally a hitman.


Hitman: I guess you're right.


Narrator: He evaporates and they untie Cambry


Cambry: Ok hook up that pourtal launcher(gets hooked up) LET’S ROLL, UPWARDS, AGAIN!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 28: Planet Cligenie