
Narrator: It been 10 “lets rolls upwards” since their last adventure. The loser lounge is heading to planet cligenie. They stop by at the space 7/11 again.


Timmy: Hey look, the poster was replaced


Narrator: The poster now advertises Carnival Cliche 34: Weast Korea Adventures


Brian: damage


Larry: we’re here


Narrator: They walk in the 7/11 and see the announcer and cashier talking


Announcer: Hey bada ba, how’s life


Cashier: depressing


Announcer: same, bada ba


Timmy: Wait why’d we stop here again


Brian: cashier’s my cousin


Timmy: I thought your cousin was dave


Brian: I have a big family


Cambry: fill’er up please


Cashier: what will it be fellas, used slim jims or hot dog toast


Cambry: Both please


Brian: So, how are you doing


Cashier: Depressing. I think no one comes here because I’m in space


Larry: We can get you customers


Cashier: How?


Larry: Announcer, can you set up a scam carnival game


Announcer: yes bada ba


Narrator: a few moments later


Announcer: She looks beautiful bada ba


Timmy: hot


Narrator: The game is called Hey Badabada Hey Badabada Swing


Brian: What do you get if you win


Announcer: You can either win Zoe, but once you win Zoe, you become Zoe badaba


Larry: What’s the other prize


Announcer: A luxury afternoon with the cashier


Timmy: Wait guys don’t do it it’s a scam, remember?


Larry: shut up Timmy have some fun


Brian: How much is the game


Announcer: $15 per game bada ba


Timmy: Guys who’s the strongest one here? (everyone looks at Larry)


Larry: aw shucks


Announcer: HEy badabdab hey baadabada swing, hachacha. What do you want little boi?


Larry: If I win, I get zoe and the luxury afternoon with the cashier


Announcer: You got it little boi, go up there and swing


Timmy: Wait what does this have to do with Planet Cligenie again?


Brian: Shut up Timmy, add some filler


Timmy: hey bada bada hey badabada swing I just got to do my thing


Narrator: Larry swings and when the hammer hits the thing lightning comes out of it


Larry: I feel like a god


Timmy: wait Larry since you're in space when you held the hammer you got magical Thor powers!


Larry: Shush we might get copyrighted. Call me Thur.


Timmy: probably. But due to plot inconvenience you can probably only use your powers when you’re either in space or have the hammer


Larry: I'm just gonna bootgang the hammer


Announcer: badabda you won Zoe and a luxury afternoon with cashier


Larry: um can we get an appointment instead we have somewhere to go


Cashier: damage I almost got one


Larry: how about in, 5 minutes


Cashier: hot


Announcer: here's Zoe Bada ba


Cambry(mutated): let's roll


Larry: what happened to you?


Cambry: probably the combination of used slim jims and hotdog toast. Whatever, I look fine right


Cashier: I'm in lobe


Cambry: me too


Larry: here cambry you can have the luxury afternoon with the cashier


Cambry: let's roll


Narrator: while they are rolling they see gene floating through space narrating


Gene: meh


Narrator: they crash into gene and crash onto the fake planet cligenie


Larry: why is it fake


Cambry: because they're basically secondary genies


Timmy: hey Larry remember not to keep Zoe in the car


Larry: Why?


Timmy: I don't know


Cambry: I'm right here


Brian: let's move


Narrator: they move inside fake cligenie city, the capital


Timmy: do you think something bad will happen while we're gone


Larry: nah


Narrator: due to wonderful weather and bad weather conditions, Zoe starts to mutate


Cambry: i feel kind of weird


Timmy: guys I have a bad feeling...


Larry: Timmy you've said you've had a bad feeling 3 times are you psychic or something


Timmy: I think because we're in space I got psychic abilities


Brian: okay so what will happen next


Timmy: Brian will get a super power


Brian: really what is it?


Narrator: Brian gets really fat and blue


Brian: I'm like the hulk. Call me the SULK


All: Brian's a real boi, a real real boi


Brian: SULK SUCC


Cambry: do I get superpowers


Larry: shut up cambry you can basically turn into anything save some tights for us


Narrator: meanwhile at the 7/11


Cambry: what's a luxury afternoon anyways


Timmy: wait why are we all back here


Larry: continuity issues


Brian: Now we have to leave again.


Narrator: They all leave, dodging Gene, and head all the way to Real Planet Cligenie


Brian: Damage. Since we went back in time I guess, I'm not the SULK anymore


Larry: Nobody really cared. Your like a Netflix original hero


Timmy: Guys i’m still physic. I got to pee


Cambry: Shut your yaps we’re here.


Narrator: They land on the Planet and are surrounded by Genies


Brian: Now we look for Clichenie


Narrator: They begin to ask around.


Brian: (to genie) are you clichenie


Genie 1: Literally every genie on this planet is called clichenie


Cambry: (to fire hydrant) Are you Clichenie? Take your time.


Genie 2: What does your friend clichenie look like


Brian: He has a beard and turbine and breaks out of boxes


Genie 3: Everyone genie does that here
Brian: Ok do you know a small Genie who enjoys long walks on the beech.


Genie 1: Sure, we have small genies, thicc genies, generic genies, even elephant-lion hybrid genies


Timmy: I think he fits in the generic category


Genie 2: all of them do


Larry: Do you have Cliche genies


Genie 1: There is one but he is cursed. He is known as the runner. He has left every civilization he has ever known. He has returned for a while due to emotional issues with his bogus friends.


Brian: Yeah we are those bogus friends. Where can we find him?


Genie 2: He is in the center of the planet in a little shack called the shifty shack


Timmy: Is he guarded or will it be easy


Genie 3: Yeah as a matter a fact he is receiving guards today. Unlucky you guys.


Timmy: Why to you even need to guard him


Genie 2: Just so you have to sneak in to retrieve him


Larry: So you’re gonna just let us steal him


Genie 1: Sure why not


Brian: Mission improbable 2: Space thyme Z


Genie 3: But if you capture Clichenie, don’t tell them it was us that let you take Clichenie


Larry: Why not?


Genie 3: I don’t want to be fired


Timmy: What’s your job anyways


Genie 2: Guard. That’s literally the only job on this planet


Genie 1: Speak for yourself. I’m an online comedian/part time babysitter


Brian: Well you guys are bad guards


Genie 1-3: Thanks!


Cambry: Let’s roll


All: To get the Zoe, save the planet and Mr. Clichenie


Timmy: Wait why do we have to get zoe?


Larry: Apparently Zoe just teleported back to that 7/11


Brian: I need to eat it now!


Timmy: Why would we get Zoe? It’s only done bad things since it mutated


Larry: filler


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll to Planet Cligenie Prison. There’s a fat genie eating a donut with some hop rock coffee


Thicc genie: Welcome to Planet Cligenie Prison. I don’t even know why I work here or why this place exists because there are no laws on this planet, so it’s impossible to even get into this jail.


Timmy: You just called it a prison and a jail


Larry: So you’ll just let us take Clichenie right


TG: NO! There’s finally a prisoner here so now I finally get paid


Brian: You should quit your job


Larry: guys i just realized that since you are genies you can make anything you want so it’s pointless to have a job


TG: Okay smart boi, want to fight?


Larry: No i’m just saying that’s why your wife left you


TG: Damage. That cut right through my heart


Brian: Woah larry chill out


Larry: Shut up ginger


Narrator: While TG is contemplating life the Loser Lounge sneaks by


Timmy: there he is


Clichenie: hey guys


Larry: I thought he was guarded by a bunch of guards


Clichenie: lunch break/continuity issues


Announcer: (intercom) 3rd lunch over bada ba


Clichenie: Hurry up guys


Brian: So you’re saying there’s no alarms or anything.


Clichenie: What are you talking about after this we’ll probably have a even bigger target on our heads


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: they roll around the corner and they see hitman in a jail cell


Larry: you suk


Hitman: Hey can you bust me out of here I need to babysit someone elses kids


Narrator: Out of genius and plot they break him out


Hitman: Thanks


Narrator: Hitman teleports away


Larry: Damage whos idea was this


Cambry: Shut up! Let’s roll upwards


Narrator: They roll back to the 7/11 gas station


Timmy: Hey can you guys wait here I’m gonna get us some used slim jims and some hot dog toast


Larry: Here’s 60 dollars


Brian: Whys the food so expensive


Larry: Cousin Neil/Thicc Genie


Narrator: As timmy walks in the store the rest of the LL gets an idea


Brian: Hey guys as a prank let’s leave Timmy here


Larry: sure why not


Cambry: Let’s roll (Timmy watches them roll away)


Narrator: They roll back home


Timmy: Where did everyone go


Narrator: They roll back


Clichenie: Guys I don’t want to go back to Earth
Narrator: Brian drinks the amplifier and goes into speech mode


Brian: Clichenie, sweetheart, you have to understand. Yes I know that times haven't been so good so good so good. But you just have to stick to it. You are our best friend. So what is we just have to play games the rest of our lives. At least we can do it together.


Clichenie: No it’s just that my whole family was on that planet and now I’m sad


Brian: Bruh just facetime them every now and then


Clichenie: WOW I FEEL BETTER. LETS ROLL
Cambry: Okay, now can we ditch timmy?


Larry: Sure


Cambry: Let’s roll (Timmy watches them roll away)


Narrator: They roll back home


Timmy: Where did everyone go


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 29: Timmys way home