
Narrator: It has been 28 grosses since their last adventure. The loser lounge successfully retrieved Clichenie. As a celebration, they leave Timmy at the space 7/11 as a prank with no money, transportation, or food to rely on. We now join Timmy leaving as he leaves the bathroom.


Timmy: Ready to go guys.(To cashier) Cashier, where did they go?


Cashier: They said they were going home and leaving you here as a prank. They mentioned meeting you at someplace called the drop off.


Timmy: THE DROP OFF! THEY WANT TO MEET ME AT THE DROP OFF! WHAT ARE THEY INSANE!


Cashier: What is the drop off exactly?


Timmy: Nothing it is just a cliff outside our house. I thought that since this is based on Finding Nemo I would quote it as much as possible. Wait, that means I'm the Nemo of this story.


announcer: Is that a good thing bada bada?


Timmy: yes and no. On one hand I am the one trying to get home. On the other hand I get to meet a fish, I mean person, like me to help me get home.


Cashier: How is that good?


Timmy: I want more friends.


Announcer: Narrator has bad news bada ba


Narrator: Timmy there’s a new rule where we can only have the first 2 pages of a script with copyrighted material.


Timmy: So?


Narrator: we’re almost on the 3rd page, so instead of being Nemo, you have to be a bootleg rip-off of nemo. Your new name is Izzie, from Izzies way home


Timmy: Can it just be timmys way home


Narrator: Fine, but you can only say lines from Izzies way home


Timmy: (burps)


Cashier: Whatever, anyways how will you get out of here


Timmy: You want me to leave? I thought you were lonely in space


Announcer: No your just the reason we have bad reviews on Yelp bada ba


Timmy: Is this a family business or something?


Cashier: Anyways, you still have no way of getting off of this space rock.


Timmy: I have one idea.


Narrator: Timmy and announcer make a DIY Carnival Slingshot


Cashier: Ok according to my newly profound knowledge of time and space, the closest planet is called ICE ICE PLANET.


Timmy: You don't need to shout. Ok so you pull me back in the slingshot and I fly directly to the planet easy peasy.


Cashier: Hold on!(Goes inside and comes back out). Take this space helmet. It will create an invisible space suit around you.


Timmy:(puts it on) I can't hear anything.


Cashier: Yeah because there is no sound in space


Timmy: I don’t think thats how it works. Oh well nothing bad will happen right?


Cashier: No, besides there being a high chance you will either get tossed into space or burn up upon reentry.


Timmy: What?


Cashier: You're gonna do great.


Announcer: Blast off bada ba


Narrator: Before Timmy can ask anything he is shot into space at superspeed. He high fives a narrating Gene and makes it onto ICE ICE PLANET. The cool atmosphere allowed him to survive reentry


Timmy: What is this place?


Narrator: He is surrounded by Ice shard houses. He is walking down the street and gets a phone call from the gang


Larry: Hey man. How are you doing?


Timmy: How are you doing?!


Brian: We are actually doing fine. We had a sleepover at Cambry’s dad’s house.


Timmy: Well I'm stuck on a random Ice planet!

Cambry: Wow. Ok we are gonna make you a deal. One option is to continue your journey home.


Timmy: No wa...


Cambry: Or, I could just make you a pourtal and you will be a chicken emote for the rest of your life.


Timmy: What is so bad about that?


Cambry: Do you really want to end up like Mike and David?


Timmy: Fine I'll finish my journey


Narrator: He hangs up and is immediately bootganged by a cool kid.


Chill: What’s poppin jimbo


Timmy: Please give me back my man purse. I need it to get back to Earth.


Chill: Earth?!?!?!?!?!?!


Timmy: Yeah, what is it to you?


Chill: I always wanted to visit Seasoning Street and go to Elmers World!


Timmy: I know where that is


Chill: Ok, I'll give you back your satchel and join you on your quest home.


Timmy: (to self) I found a GILL! (to chill) Ok lets do this. Where do we go now?


Chill: One problem, we don’t have transportation or a bulky sidekick in case we get attacked by a hitman


Timmy: That's 2 problems


Hitman: that hurts


Timmy: Don't worry I carry a shank and heater


Chill: All we got to do now is build a carnival slingshot and go to 7/11 for a lunch break


Timmy: Dude, you do know that lunch breaks only work for Gold Members


Chill: Dang it we need a new plan


Narrator: Timmy gets a call from his bad friends


Larry: Hey Timmy, I see you made a friend


Timmy: How can you see… Nevermind, we are doing great without you guys


Chill: Oh no that phones radioactive sound waves dont make me feel so good


Narrator: Chill disintegrates


Timmy: NOOOOOOO!


Narrator: He reappears


Timmy: What are you Missappear!


Chill: No just wanted to scare you.


Timmy: Ok, my mean friends telling me nothing gave me an idea. We go into town and buy a space ship from the ICE ICE CASHIER.


cambry: Batman kills robin in endless tussle


Timmy: Screwk you cambry. Let’s move!


Narrator: They meet the Cashier at the store


Timmy: I didn't know you actually came here too.


Cashier: Announcer tried to become a boat again


Announcer: Jeremy told me to flex my cheeks! PUSH! Bada ba


Narrator: Announcer turns into a boat again.


Announcer: HEY BOATA BOATA SWIM


Timmy: Okay? One spaceship please.


Cashier: That's gonna cost ya!


Chill: How much

Cashier: Ten Goober Dollars, redeemable at any location of the Goofy Goober Franchise


Timmy: Good thing I have my purse.


Chill: Its a satchel


Narrator: He pays for the spaceship and a boat appears out of nowhere


Announcer: Get in


Timmy: Wait, if you were over there, did you just jump into the sky and fall down for dramatic effect


Announcer: No you just wasted your goober dollars


Narrator: They climb on.


Announcer: Let’s boat


Narrator: They teleport back to the real world. They are almost there when Timmy asks a question.


Timmy: Chill, why do you want to go to Seasoning Street so bad?


Chill: Well, you see, I went there once as a child with my parents. We got onto the Elmer Ride and they pushed me to the ground and ran away. I want to go looking for them now.


Timmy: What temperature do you need to melt


Chill: 52


Timmy: Seasoning street is 52.1 degrees


Chill: Wait I can’t survive on Earth, I’m becoming melt.


Timmy: Not today.


Narrator: They land over the ocean.


Timmy: Be free.


Narrator: They throw the melted Chill into the ocean where he will live for the rest of his life until he is frozen again.


Chill: I don’t feel so good


Narrator: chill turns into water and jogs away.


Timmy: I'll come back for you.


Announcer: What about his parents?


Timmy: Oh no they left him on purpose. Sad little water jub.


Narrator: chill reappears. I give chill a flurry so he can survive


Chill: What do you say?


Timmy: Nothing lets go disappoint you at Seasoning Seed.


Narrator: Meanwhile at Cambrys house


Brian: (to cambry) Where are your parents


Larry: Wait, Cambry used to be human, so he has real parents


Brian: And a stepmom


Narrator: Timmy returns with a icicle necklace


Larry: Where did you get that?


Timmy: It's just Chill. HE told me to call on him when necessary. By announcer


Narrator: Announcer disappears bada ba


Larry: So like a magic chill shell


Timmy: Kinda

Cambry: Congrats you're not a wimp


Timmy: Oh yeah I guess not.


Larry: You’re just in time for Senior Year


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 30: Senor Year