

Narrator: It’s been ten gallons since their last adventure. The loser lounge could’ve made it to New Yourk in the last episode, but there was so much filler that the script was too long.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Parking enforcer: Come back here


Timmy: NO! go ‘way!


Alex: Hey that’s my lin…(gets shanked by timmy)


Timmy: You want some of that boss?(talking to parking enforcer)


Alex: Hey that’s also my line(runs towards parking enforcer)


Parking enforcer: Hey want to make a show called the Dave and Phil show?


Alex: NOPE!


Narrator: Too bad! Pablo and Alex proceed to make the Dave and Phil show.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: The loser lounge continues their journey to New Yourk. They’re playing Crazy-52 on the way there.


Brian: Larry, you are winning by a lot more damage than everyone else. Something smells a bit gregory, um, I mean sketchy.


Larry: It’s okay, it’s just my damager 3’s. They make me go super fat.


Timmy: Don’t you mean fast?


Larry: No


Narrator: Everything is going too well, so it’s time to add a cliche plot twist.
Due to Larry overcharging his Damager 3’s, the lights explode, making the compass fluid leak, making Cambry spit out the dank flower, all combining to form a wormhole of memes or a memehole.


Timmy: Damage, Larry, I told you not to buy bootleg Damager 3’s off of BootlegShrekDVDsR’us.damage.


Brian: Shut up Brian, we’re in a lot of damage right now.


Timmy: Wait guys, I have an idea! We need to summon the master of damage!


Brian: Shut up Timmy, we’re trying to come up with an idea to save the world.


Larry: Wait guys, I have an idea! We need to summon the master of damage!


Brian: Sounds Troutastic! C’mon Timmy!


Timmy: Fine


Larry: I know I came up with a great, original idea, but how exactly do we execute it?


Brian: I think we are supposed to use words that associate with damage and make it into a song and try to serenade/seduce the gods of cod/damage.


Larry: That’s what I was thinking.


Timmy: According to my calculations…


Brian: No more math Timmy!


Timmy: We only have 52 minutes and 25 seconds before the memehole damages the world.


Larry: Wait a gallon, how can memes be bad or damage the world?


Timmy: Did I mention they were DEAD memes?


Brian: NOOOOOOO! I don’t want to save my nap for later!


Cambry: Guys, can I have a line?


Larry: Sure


Timmy: Guys, we need to come up with an idea, and fast! We only have 52 seconds left!


Larry: Damage! How much time passed by during those 5 lines?


Brian: I have some lyrics! “Yo, I’m phil swift, and that’s a lot of damage”


Narrator: The memehole grows larger


Larry: Damage narrator, can’t you help us?


Narrator: I’ll give you a hint. You need to fight the memehole not with damaging lyrics, but with memes. Deader than the memehole’s memes.


Phil: ayy yo, you guys can’t save the world alone, so we brought some backup, and together all of us can stop the memehole.


Everyone: GET THOSE NUTS OUTTA MY FACE!


Phil: But wait, there’s more


Narrator: Phil shanks Timmy


Brian: Shut up Brian! Guys, I came up with the perfect memey lyrics. But... the power may be too strong for me to survive.


Larry: Darn leedle! Thanks for taking one for the team!


Brian: Woah, woah, I have to memorize the lyrics first!


Narrator: (Spongebob timestamp voice) 3 hours later.


Brian: I’m granny omarie and I’m just the fighting Norma delivery dan, and it seems like bulls make the wrong face so I say that’s a lotta damage. My names 3, and my names gene and I would really like to air an ohare, and that’s not good so we suppose, we are go for the loser lounge!


Narrator: The memehole fades away, but Brian was right, he gets damaged, by none other then…


Guy: LIGHTNING! (voice crack)


Narrator: Lightning strikes Brian


Brian: (Falls on ground and opens mouth) Everyone: AAAAAAAAAAHHH!


Timmy: We need to go to the hospital!


Larry: Timmy, you were just shanked like 2 liters ago! Shouldn’t you be dead?


Timmy: First of all, plot. Second of all, Phil survived 5 shankings!


Brian: Shut up Timmy, and deal with it, I’m the one that needs saving!


Parking enforcer: Tim-othy Thompson Tucker, you are charged for murder!


Timmy: But I didn’t murder anyone!


Parking enforcer: lol not my problem.


Narrator: Every character teleports to the court. Meanwhile, Timmy is waiting for a trial with Larry as his witness 


Timmy: What am I going to do, I don't even have a lawyer


Larry: It’s okay. This is a Carnival Cliche story, remember. Some random guy will walk in here and say he’ll be your lawyer, because, uh, plot. 


Guy: I’ll be your lawyer!


Cambry: I am the great.. Wait, what do you mean copyright infringement! Anyways, I am the great Cambry, and I'll be your lawyer!


Narrator: Suddenly, the clouds turn dark, the sky turns dark, and the sun dies. Lightning strikes the courthouse, shocking the parking enforcer (Puts on parking enforcer shirt and falls to the ground) Everyone: aaaaaaaahhh!


Narrator: The lightning also strikes Cambry that for some reason was inside the courthouse, making him wiry and then suddenly, Cambry jumps through the wall and rides off to Mexico. A booming voice then says...


Clichenie: That’s not how you lawyer. Ahem. I am the Great Clichenie, and I’ll be your lawyer.


Timmy: Umm, I didn’t murder anyone and the parking enforcer’s dead so I don’t need a lawyer anymore.


Narrator: (Spongebob timestamp voice) 3 hours later…


Clichenie: I can’t believe we won the trial!


Timmy: I know, you have zero law experience!


Clichenie: Thanks!


Narrator: It seemed everything was back to normal. The Loser Lounge found Clichenie. Even though one of my own characters I was playing died and Cambry was in Mexico, everything was good. Meanwhile, at the manager's office...


Sohail: Damage Brian! We’ve only made 2 ½ scripts. That’s not enough!


Brian: How? That should make a good amount of money! How much have we earned?


Sohail: A couple of honey stains and a turd napkin. How much has your YouTube channel earned?


Brian: A couple of turd stains and a honey napkin. Damage, if only there was some way to fix this!


Sohail: I have an idea!


Brian: Roblox? Bankruptcy? Placebo?


Sohail: We keep making unnecessary sequels!


Brian: How many?


Sohail: It’s only right that the final episode is 25. Or 52.


Brian: okay boss


Narrator: Cliche sidestory done. 


Timmy: Wait guys, we don’t have to make any more scripts, we found Clichenie!


Sohail: Shut up Timmy


Clichenie: K bye guys i’m going back to New Yourk (disappears)


Larry: Ha, what!


Brian: That was super cliche.


Timmy: Hey guys, you know what’s ironic? This script is supposed to be about us going to New Yourk, but we’ve barely made any progress in doing that


Larry: Wow Timmy, for once you’re right!


Timmy: yay


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: The Loser Lounge and their Cambry fall of the courthouse and land in New Yourk.


Brian: NEW YOURK CITY!


Larry: Where’s Clichenie though?


Timmy: Talking to that guy on that street.


Larry: (gasps) Ijaz!


Guy: Briaannn!


Brian: We found you Clichenie.


Clichenie: How’d you find me?


Parking enforcer: Plot.


Timmy: What are you doing here? Why are you doing here?


Parking enforcer: Plot


Narrator: Phil appears, because of plot.


Phil: Alluh snack bar!


Narrator: Phil shanks Dave. (puts on parking enforcer shirt and falls over) Dave falls over.


Cambry: YOU KILLED DAVE!!!


Narrator: Cambry runs over Phil


Cambry: Let’s roll. No seriously I don’t wanna go to court again.


Hitman: Put your hands, feet, and Shrek DVD’s in the air.


Cambry: How do I do that?


Hitman: Don’t be smart. I know there are Shrek DVD’s in there!


Timmy: You’ll never take me or my Shrek DVD’s alive!


Narrator: The hitman then gets shanked by Timmy, but not before firing a shot, missing Timmy and hitting Clichenie.


Brian: NOOOOOOO! What happened to Clichenie? 


Hitman: It’s okay, he’s just in space for now


Timmy: Wait I just shanked you why are you alive?


Narrator: Hitman suddenly dies due to overdose of flintstone vitamins/Placebo


Cambry: Let’s roll


EVERYONE: NOT SPONSORED BY FLINTSTONE VITAMINS, PLACEBO, SHREK, OR THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM! DON’T SUE US!


TO BE CONTINUED in Carnival Cliche 4: Out of this Wourld