
Narrator: It has been ten since their last adventure. The loser lounge is returning to school for their senor year.


Timmy: Guys, I gotta good feeling about this year.


Brian: Why, so far, we lost our morphers, Elmer is useless, and perfect attendance.


Cambry: Guys, we are gonna be late for First period


Larry: What is it again? They change every year.


Timmy: We always get the same classes, just with another lunch


Cambry: This year the order is 1st lunch, PE, Science, Math Lunch?, History, 4th lunch, A.P. Convenience, and finally, graduation practice.


Brian: We got an A.P. Class?


Cambry: Apparently. Also we are gonna be late.


Narrator: They rush to first lunch and chow down.


Timmy: Hey guys I'm gonna Chill with Chill for a bit you guys have fun ok.


Narrator: He leaves and leaves Cambry, Brian, and Larry alone.


Larry: Hey guys I got me some good Diabetes sandwich.


Brian: Nice, I got a greasy Gramwich with Chips.

Cambry: Cool, my parents don't care about me so I'll just take your food.


Narrator: He takes Larry’s sandwich.


Larry: I'll give you something better if you give me my sandwich back.


Cambry: Ok.


Narrator: He gives the sandwich back and Larry steals Brian’s chips for Cambry.


Brian: Witch!!!


Cambry: It’s funny watching you get pissed off.


Brian: Give it Back!


Narrator: They chug the chips and head to second period.


PET: Ok we are gonna play dodgeball today!


Larry: Crap guys, PE posing as a student is the team captain of the other team.


Timmy: Why is that bad?


Larry: Because I'm the other team captain.

Brian: Why is that bad?


Larry: Uhh. according to Stockdale guidelines, the two team captains solo fight each other until one dies. That signals the round itself. Winner gets the balls first.


Cambry: It's fine just cheat.


Larry: No that's wrong.


Cambry: Nooo! Not that cheating.(whispers plan)


PET: Lets get ready to fumble.


Narrator: Both PE and Larry are waiting to get the balls on center court. The whistle blows. Larry yells from the wall.


Larry: I'm cheating on you Dodgeball!


Dodgeball: Why? How could you do this to me!


Narrator: The ball flies away and hits PE in the leg getting him out.


Larry: I did it.


Timmy: He never even dated that ball.


Brian: Shut up he did it!


Narrator: They all jump in and win the game.


Cambry: We did it yeah!


Larry: Where did you get that idea?


Cambry: I saw it in a show called Boat life staring A.B


Timmy: Gasp! (whispers to self)Announcer boat finally did it!


Larry: Guys, we are gonna be late for our third period


Narrator: They make it to third period Science with Mr. PE.


PE: Ok, class, settle down.


Timmy: Nobody even talked.


PE: SHUT UP MY ARTHRITIS IS ACTING UP!


Narrator: He throws his ipat across the room


PE: Whoever wants it can keep it


Timmy: That could’ve paid for college


Narrator: Due to Michael and David the iPat implodes


Larry: Damn you Ping!


Cambry: NO pat my human brother!


PE: Get to Class


Tiimmy: We are in class. Mr. PE, are you sure you can work. Your super old and stupid.


PE: Oh yeah, i just got some new rules from the principal. New rule #1, no cars allowed on campus


Timmy: Then why is your moped in here


PE: SHUT UP


Cambry: What if the car is artificially intelligent


PE: New rule #2 has to do with PE. The PE teacher is being fired, and is being replaced by me


TImmy: That’s not even a rule


Brian: Good thing we aren't here next year or day.


PE: No I mean now I get to chaperone the dance


Larry: Get to Class!


Narrator: They all run to a class called math lunch.


PD: Hey guys today is math lunch. Answer a question and you get to eat.


Brian: I haven't seen you in a long time. Wait, didn’t you babysit us in a volcano when we were 6?


PD: Something like that? Anyway, first question, how many likes does it take to get Jake Paul fired.


Cambry: 25


PD: Correct now eat that apple.


Narrator: They shove an apple up Cambry


PD: Next question for you brian. How many gingers at the table behind you?


Brian: (turns around) I can't read


Narrator: Cambry takes brian’s lunch. Brian screams


PD: GET TO CLASS


Announcer: NO YOU


Timmy: Why are you even here.


Announcer: Morgages bada ba


Narrator: They leave the class and head to history.


MS: Hey I have a back issue so Mr. Hey Class will be your substitute. (walks away normally)


HC: HEY CLASS WANT SOME COOKIES


Narrator: Brian inhales all the double stuf class cookies


Timmy: You sound like you have been asleep for twelve years and woke up with a lisp.


HC: HUSH NOW CHILD. EAT YOUR GREEN BEANS


Narrator: They throw green beans at him


Larry: Get to class


HC: Today we are learning about the Civil War


Brian: WHO STOLE THE BIBLE


HC: I DID


Narrator: He jumps out the window and leaves the TV on.


Timmy: Damage now he’s acting like clichenie


Narrator: Mr. Hey class shouts gibberish as he jumps out the window


Larry: I'm not going on another road trip to find him!


Brian: Shut up lets watch the TV


Narrator: They begin to watch Gory, the story of a mindless fish that started the Civil War


Gory: HI IM DORTHY


Timmy: But it says your name is gory


Gory: Hush Child and eat your green beens


PE: Shut up! IM THE SUBSTITUTES SUBSTITUTE NOW


HC: BAY CLASS EAT YOUR GREEN BEENS


PE: SHUT UP THAT’S WHAT MY MOM USED TO SAY BEFORE SHE GOT A LISP


Larry: You have parents?


PE: Doesn't matter they don't love me. Alright, as I was saying, new rule #3, teachers are now allowed to harass kids


Timmy: Because why?


PE: GET TO BEEN!


Larry: OK?


Narrator: They head to Fourth Lunch


Larry:Hey Brian, why do you always eat so much and never gain any weight?


Brian: How come you never eat food and always gain weight?


Cambry: How come I can't eat food and don't have weight?


Timmy: Settle down guys. Lets just eat and leave.


Narrator: They eat and leave.


Larry: What do we do with the 30 minutes we have left.


Brian: We could have a comedy contest.


Timmy: Sounds Troutastic, come on Larry!


Larry: Never Again!


Narrator: Brian is up first.


Brian: Wonderful weather we’re having!


Larry: Do better!


Brian: Uh, what do you call a ginger that is 3 feet tall? CADE!


Cambry: More like Brian last week


Larry: Hahaha that is so much funnier! Brian, I don't think you will ever win funniest of the week.


Brian: Shut up I have more wins than you!


Timmy: Guys guys we are gonna be late for our seventh period.


Narrator: They head to 7th period AP convenience


Timmy: After all these adventures we still can't spell convenience


Mr. A: Hello class this is Mr. Anahat talking. Today we are building marshmellow bridges and when you are done we will put twelve pound weights on them.


Timmy: Why are we doing science in here?


Brian: How is this even science


Timmy: Exactly


Mr. A: This is convenience.


Larry: How is this convenience?


Mr. A: Because bridges are very important


Timmy: Yeah but we live in a city that’s all flat grass. There’s no place to connect the bridges to


Mr. A: Which is why you need to use the power of convenience to figure out why science teachers around the world do this


Larry: Whatever lets just build some bridges guys


Mr. A: Okay here you go; 4 toothpicks, 3 marshmellows, and a turd napkin


Timmy: Why is this class AP


Mr. A: Because my non-AP classes get 4 marshmellows


Larry: Wait is this just a bridge building class


Narrator: All of the sudden the wind builds their bridge.


Brian: This really is convenient


Narrator: Suddenly the wind knocks over the bridge. It splats and Brian gets mad. He turns into the Sulk/rib punch jerk


Brian: Dang it Brian


Narrator: He punches Larry in the ribs. Larry slaps him


Brian: TOO FAR!


Mr. A: Ding ding it's time for graduation.


Larry: I can't do this.


Brian: Is it that time of the month? Ok here we go. What's wrong?


Larry: I don't wanna leave highschool. It's so much fun and the real world sucks.


Brian: Sweet child, don't you get it. Do you really think that we would just get jobs after high school. For one thing we are definitely under educated. Not to mention that we are destined to continue having adventures for the rest of our lives. Now hush child and eat your graduation.


Larry: Your right. Lets go.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 31: Graduation Thyme: Part 1