
Narrator: it has been 10 mild character developments since their last adventure cause they’re high school browned so their voices suck. Also, they haven’t written a script in a while, so the writing fatigue is gonna be there, and most likely, this script is most likely gonna be about 5 pages long.


Cambry: And you’re wasting room already. Save some screen time for the rest of us


Larry: Guys we don’t have time for this arguing if the script is gonna be 5 pages long.


Timmy: So basically we’re gonna make this script 5 pages, but the part 2 is gonna be like 25 pages long.


Larry: More or less


Cambry: Let’s roll


Timmy: Where are we rolling to?


Brian: Damage we already finished a page


Timmy: guys I’m actually excited for graduation


Brian: if Timmy’s excited for something than it’s gonna be lit


Larry: same. Afterwards we have more time to do adventures instead of school. Also, college years anyone?


Timmy: I’d think it be kinda hot


Brian: that was full homo


Larry: yeah Timmy you just killed the moment


Clichenie: Whatever, we have to say goodbye to our teachers. But we have to make it short and sweet. Five pages remember?


Cambry: I guess we have to skip first lunch and go straight to 2nd period PE. 


Brian: I’m not spending my last day building bone structure. Lets just head to science.


Narrator: And off they went.


PE: Welcome to your last day. Today we are learning about the past, present, and future.


Larry: Hold up an actual lesson?


PE: And that’s page three. Look I’ve done some things in the past and we aren’t friends in the present, but I hope we can be in the future.


Cambry: You are so bad.


Larry: You frickin chased us across the country.


Brian: Also your fat.


PE: NEVERMIND I WILL HUNT YOU TILL I CAN’T JUGGLE ANYMORE!


Timmy: Let’s leave before he brings out the unicycle. 


Narrator: They head towards fourth period math with Pub DUDE


HC: Hey class want some hologram.


Narrator: Throws disc on the floor


PD: Hello class I'm sorry I couldn't be there on the last day of school I'm currently live streaming from my great great great grand Dude’s funeral. 


Larry: Sorry for your loss.


PD: Whatever, I inherited three Brazilian


Timmy: How many is a Brazilian?


PD: A lot. Now I never have to work again. You guys can visit me in the holographic house I live in. Class dismissed.


Timmy: He was my favorite teacher.


Larry: Dang it Timmy now we are at page 4. We have one more page to fit these goodbyes into.


Brian: Then we better hurry.


Narrator: They go and see Mr. Sister.

MS: Today we are learning about Stefan Karl Stefansson. The recent death of Stefan has be empathized across all social media platforms.


Larry: HE WAS NUMBER ONE!


Cambry: Have we ever even talked to Mr. Sister.


Brian: Let's just skip to the next class.


Timmy: Let's just skip to last period since we see Clichenie a lot.


Narrator: To Mr. Anahat they went.


MA: Today we are learning about being fat.


All: OH NO


MA: What is it this time?


Brian: When Cambry starts being fat he can’t stop and we are almost out of pages.


Cambry: I'M FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!


Timmy: that wasn't so bad.


Larry: Damage Timmy this is are last page!


Narrator: Yeah man don’t be so fat.


Brian: Narrator: You are the fattest one here. Also you wear BUTTON DOWN T SHIRTS!


Larry: Whatever, now that we said goodbye to everyone, we need a good cliffhanger so we have an excuse to make it two parts.


Brian: Ok any ideas.


Announcerboat: Hey guys if I don’t pass algeduh I won't graduate.


Larry: Wait what is the test on?


Announcerboat: 7


Brian: Oh no!


Cambry: Also we have to find the pot of precious metals or we won't graduate.


Larry: Oh no!


Timmy: And my illegitimate child is due on the same day as graduation.


Larry: Who/what is the other non gender specific parent 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 31: Graduation Thyme: Part 2