

Narrator: It’s been nine months since their last adventure. The loser lounge won't graduate unless they find the pot of precious metals and help announcerboat ace his algeduh class. Oh yeah and Timmy is pregno. 


Larry: Ok we have a lot to do but at least there are no page limits.


Cambry: Ok we have three until Announcerboat’s test. He is currently studying for the test.


Brian: Dang Cambry when did you get so smart.


Cambry: I've gone to high school for five days. I'm highly educated.


Timmy: Guys we gotta start looking for that pot of precious metals


Larry: It says on this map I've had for four seconds that we have to go to the round table, take three paces up, and solve the puzzle at the end of the road?


Brian: We eat lunch at the round table everyday. Take it away Cambry


Cambry: LET'S ROLL.


Narrator: Son las tres MINUTES LATER.


All:(take three paces up)


Cambry: Hop in.


Narrator: They climb inside Cambry


Timmy: So what’s the puzzle?


Larry: theres no puzzle, it’s just a fat kid blocking the door


Narrator: Sorry, i’ll move


Brian: Let’s eat!


Narrator: Larry snatches Brian’s lunch


Brian: BIIIIITTTTT…..


Larry: I miss this


Cambry: So do I


Narrator: All of the sudden a man in a kabuki mask inside a jar shows up.


BJ: Hello I am the Buddha in a Jar, or BJ for short.


Narrator: Clichenie busts in.


Clichenie: Brother!


BJ: Long time no see… Mathew


All: Mathew?!


Clichenie: I feel the same way… Marky


All: Marky?


Both: Deal with it.


Larry: Timmy if you have twins, name them marky and Matthew 


Timmy: what if they’re both girls


Brian: Marka and matthewa, duh


Cambry: we all finished lunch, where do we go


Larry: let’s just try to walk to a certain classroom but try to do the longest route possible so we get a lot of Sweatcoin


Timmy: what’s sweatcoin


Everyone except Timmy: USE MY REFERRAL LINK!


Brian: anyone want to watch fail videos with occasional swears or animated movies with swears added


Larry: what teacher does that?


Brian: I don’t know, hopefully one of our teachers does that


Cambry: let’s roll


BJ: Wait I didn't even get to riddle you that.


Timmy: Ok go!


BJ: What restaurant is the worst place to eat fast food?


Cambry: Jak in the Bax because they have no problem giving me four tacos daily.


BJ: Correct. Earn four sweatcoin while walking and you will end up at the pot of precious metals


Cambry: does the pot have taco sauce in it?


BJ: If you believe!


Cambry: Ok I just bought four sweatcoin, let's get the pot.


Timmy: A true high school experience.


Narrator: stand aside, I want that taco sauce.


Larry: You won't fit into your button downs anymore.


Narrator: Then narrator eats the pot of taco metallic sauce.


Larry: why’d you do that


Narrator: cause you’re a narrator loser.


Larry: no you’re a narrator


Narrator: that’s offensive. You’re lucky I don’t tell the principal about that one


Announcerboat: Hey guys I just took my test.


Brian: shut up Zoe isn’t alive anymore


Announcerboat: I just won graduation and I became graduation


Timmy: hey guys it’s says on the wall who got the best finals score


Larry: who got valedictorian


Cambry: hey I won! I knew Jax in the bad payed off


Brian: I'm salutatorian. Come on!


Narrator: Crane kick montage.


Larry: We might not graduate now.


Brian: it’s all Cambrys fault


Cambry: Hey while you were all goofing off all five days of school I was in the background learning. I earned this.


Brian: how long does this detention last anyways


PE: you’re all dismissed


Timmy: Guys.


Larry: What is wrong?


Timmy: My water just broke.


Brian: OMG someone get him a hospital.


Cambry: chill out guys, while you guys slacked off I earned a few different degrees on the medical field


Larry: you weren’t even in the med academy!


Cambry: I guess that bone removal learned me how to get gud at science


Narrator: They run to the school birthing center and are being treated by Doctors Phil and Dave funkhouser MD


Phil: So you decided to have a child.


Dave: who made you pregnant if I may ask


Timmy: I don't know but I'm gonna find out.


Dave: Ok just breath in and out.


Phil: this could be serious u might have a child.


Timmy: Get this thing off my chest!


Narrator: He had been in labor for three days. Larry had made potato salad. Timmy births into it.


Larry: It took me three days to make that potato salad. THREE DAYS! 


Dave: It’s a boi


Narrator: Covered in potato salad lay a tiny baby with rock hard abs.


Brian: What are you gonna do?


Timmy: What if I put him on a shelf and when it was time, made him live out our stories when we are too old to?


Larry: Ok, he got a name?


Timmy: Tommy Timothy Tucker.


Cambry: Ahh lazy writing.


Phil: So who is the other parent?


Timmy: Is there a way to find out.


Narrator: Uh huh.


Phil: Welcome to the Phil and Dave show, saving illegitimate children for THREE DAYS


Dave: ok first thing you want to do is look at the babies traits and try to find someone at school that matches them


Timmy: Ok, he likes logic, eats cheese, and can bench press 600 lbs


Phil: those seem like your traits. Look deeper


Timmy: He has a robot arm, ginger streaks in his hair, and asian indian descent.


Phil: maybe that’s just from influences around him


Dave: Could it be possible that Timmy… You are the other parent?


Timmy: OMG I remember now. I can reproduce through dreams of burnt toast


Cambry: okay let’s stop the whole dark biology thing and just get back to normal lives


Timmy: question what am I supposed to do with this baby


Brian: leave it at home it can feed itself cheese


Timmy: I think I will put it in cryo sleep until it needs to wake up. Say…. twelve years from now.


Cambry: plus, in emergency we can always get hitman to babysit him, FOR FREE


Larry: Whatever, dude we have ten minutes to get to our graduation.


Narrator: Ten minutes later


Brian: wait, does this mean that Tommy can be graduate


Timmy: give him like 12 years


Larry: rip best friend


Narrator: They all get in their caps and gowns and sit in the auditorium.


PE: Ladies and Kids who are way too young to graduate. We are gathered here to celebrate the class of 20-18. The valedictorian will now give his speech. Oh yeah and then the second place guy.


Cambry: guys I’m really nervous, i forgot everything I’ve ever learned


Larry: you don’t need to know anything for graduation


PE: reminder, all the graduates will be asked one random question that they probably don’t know the answer to


Cambry: frick me Jake 


Narrator: He walks on stage. 


Cambry: Blue


PE: Correct take it away.


Cambry: Look I know how I am graduating. I have been to school for 5 days. But in those days I learned that there is never too much lunch, kids can impregnate themselves through burnt toast dreams, secondaires are trash at ultimate frisbee, anyone can get on campus even if they are a hitman, and you will have the same classes every year(PE nods at every point and looks at the sky deeply). But still, these were some of the best years of my life. Take it away Brian.


Brian: frick, i didn’t even write a speech, I thought 2nd place wasn’t important


PE: correct, take it away


Brian: if there’s anything I’ve learned throughout my 5 days...


PE: sorry folks looks like we’re out of time, you’re all officially adults.


Brian: ...I learned that there’s always an Asian kid better than you, in this case, it was cambry...d


Larry: YOU TELL EM


Brian:...And I’ve seen a lot of things happen at this school during those 5 days, like gaylin getting in a fight, kids vaping in the bathroom, and being stuck on the right side of the algeduh classroom


Timmy: When did this happen?


Brian: during those 5 days


All:( everyone laughs at the unfunny joke)


Brian: ...thank you. I’ve missed every chance to take a picture of tobey maguire possible, forgotten my Spanish book, and not being able to see the teen titans go movie because they fixed the power 3 minutes too early


Cambry: Relatealbe 


Brian: and I’m just gonna keep running down the things I did during these past 5 days whether they’re interesting, OR NOT! I've put on no weight, made 12 sweatcoins, and watched fortnite dieing moments but even though all of this happened, I'm still somehow gonna end up in college.


Larry: Bet!


Brian: and even tho…


Timmy: stop saying even though this is getting cliche at this point


Brian: I’m, I’m, im


Timmy: what the scallops


Brian: I'm a ginger loser ROCK.


Cambry: that’s what all the buildup was for


Brian: shut up your speech was blue alright


Cambry: because I’m blue dab a dee ba dab 


PE: that was the best graduation yet


Timmy: you say that every year don’t you


PE: yea. Anyways y’all are excused to go pursue your lives.


Cambry: I have a resolution. I’m not gonna go to Jax in the bax every day


Larry: you’re gonna go to Taco Bell instead aren’t you


Brian: high school was so fun, I wished it didn’t have to end


PE: what If I told you there’s such thing as second high school


Brian: id say your lying


PE: Nope you can go to college whenever is inconvenient. Or you could just go to McDonald’s and ask for a mccollege. It’s on the secret menu


Hitman: I order it all the time


Brian: shut up it’s probably a kids meal hitman


Cambry: let’s roll


Narrator: they roll into college resumes and get into the schools of their choice CSUC.


Larry: what’s that?


Brian: Cal state university compton


Timmy: is it pronounced c succ?


Cambry: yeah


Timmy: guys lets get our books


Brian: holy hecc these books are expensive


Larry: yeah screw college let’s just go work at fast food


Cambry: let’s roll


To be continued in carnival cliche 33: Fat Food Thymes