
Narrator: It has been four years of high school since they graduated. The loser lounge is attempting to pay for college by working it off at FAT FOOD RESTAURANT. 


Hitman: Look I get I'm not evil for today but why am I babysitting your kid?


Timmy: Because I'm a bad parent who wants someone to watch him grow in his cryo sleep.


Hitman: If my kid was here he would say relatable


Timmy: Where is he?


Hitman: In eternal cryo sleep?


Timmy: What’s the difference?


Hitman: not much, he just gets to live forever


Timmy: good idea


Larry: Hush your mouth child, they’re about to show us how to deep fry our green beans


Manager: Hello I will be your manager


Larry: hey your alex’s brother


Manager: yes i am. (slaps announcerboat on the chest). Anyways, welcome to the job runts. You will be pushed through grueling tasks, have to battle monsters and dispose of radioactive material.


Brian: So basically we’ll have to figure out how to fight acne, argue with annoying customers and clean toilets


Manager: we got a fast learner here. You earned the position Lead-Cook and have earned +5 acne with it as well


Brian: ZUCC Yeah!


Manager: I have assigned each of you specific tasks that you are responsible for, and there are serious consequences if you don’t follow them


Timmy: one question, are we ever allowed to bring our kids to work


Manager: zucc yeah, free work for no pay!


Manager: Alright, secondary teenagers step aside. Loser Lounge step forward
Larry: that’s us!


Manager: Alright, I’ll cut you guys a deal. Since you guys are friends of my brother, you guys can earn half the money for double the work


Cambry: Noice


Manager: Also I put you all in positions where you can all talk and fool around and mess up customers orders


Larry: sweet


Manager: Alright, everybody get to work


Timmy: Wait you didn’t teach us anything?


Manager: This is your spatula, this is your sponge, one is for the food, the other is for fun. Got it?


Larry: thanks


Narrator: Manager runs into kitchen and slips on an ice cube


Manager: OWWoooWWWWooooWWWOWOWOWWOWO


Larry: Nice on!


Narrator: Meanwhile, in the fat food hospital facility 


Manager: Guys, I won’t be able to carry on my duties


Announcerboat: NOOOO!! How will you provide for our family


Manager: Lol you guys are on your own, I got a solid retirement plan from this place. Anyways, I hereby declare Brian as the new manager


Brian: YES I got 1st place for once!


Manager: my bad, Brian is sub-manager, and Cambry is manager


Cambry: huh


Brian: WHY IS HE MANAGER?


Manager: Simple, I’ve been keeping an eye on Cambry and I seen his love for fat food. Plus, there’s not much of a difference between manager and sub manager, besides the fact that manager makes twice the pay and gets free food and soda every day


Brian: BIIIITTTT…..


Cambry: let’s roll 


Narrator: they roll back to the fat food joint


Cambry: all right sweeties let’s get to work


All: 3,2,1 DIABETES!


Larry: guys I can’t flip these burgers fast enough


Brian: THEYre MADE OF PORK


Larry: NOOOOO!


Timmy: chill out there’s only one customer so far


Cambry: it’s it just me, or does Gordon Ramsay sound familiar 


Larry: he’s a professional chef that yells at people, yeah


Cambry: oh, well he’s a customer


Larry: why would he stop at a fat food place like this?!


Brian: probably to yell at us and order our world famous secret lamb sauce


Larry: oh we’re good, we just got to cover the hideous food in lamb sauce and he will like it


Timmy: Guys we need to restock a few items


Larry: what items


Timmy: toilet paper, proactiv and the super secret lamb sauce


Brian: HOW DID WE RUN OUT OF LAMB SAUCE


Cambry: shut up he might be listening


Brian: naw he’s just yelling at someone else’s kids


Cambry: guys I have an idea for once, but it may not work


Timmy: darn leedle


Cambry: Larry, mash those potatoes like you’re getting paid for it!


Larry: wait I’m not getting paid


Cambry: Brian, put on a suit, tie and go use some proactiv


Brian: got em coach


Cambry: Timmy, drive me to some sketchy factory where we can get some lamb sauce


Timmy: we’ll be there in a yeet and a skeet


Cambry: let’s roll


Narrator: 5 minutes later, It’s a disaster: Larry spilled the potatoes all over the kitchen and everything’s burnt, Brian is allergic to suits,ties and proactiv, and cambry crashed into the lamb sauce factory.


Cambry: let’s roll back in failure


Narrator: they roll back in failure


Timmy: wait, who’s standing at the door of the fat food place.


Cambry: Gordon Ramsay


Timmy: that’s not Gordon Ramsay!


cambry: oh wait, his name was Michael Gordon, that one basketball player


Timmy: cambry, you’re terrible with names, it’s neither. And that’s just a fat kid blocking the door


Narrator: I’ll move when I get my order


Larry: here you go sweetie, burnt mashed potatoes. Bone app the teeth


Narrator: narrator takes a bite of mashed potatoes. They’re pretty good. How much?


Cambry: $20


Narrator: how about I take in this nice joint off your hands


Cambry: how much?


Brian: cambry, how about I make the business decisions


Narrator: I’ll give you $21 for the restaurant 


Cambry: $25 plus some tacos


Narrator: deal


Larry: guys if we couldn’t even handle maintaining a job at a fat food place, I don’t think we’re Gucci enough for college


Brian: you’re probably right (rubs his chin). Hey, where’d all the acne go?!


Timmy: let’s just find an office job


Cambry:  Nah let's wait then more seconds and see what happens.


Narrator: All of the sudden they get a call from the Hitman.


Timmy: Hello?


Hitman: Yeah I kidnapped your kid.


Timmy: AAOH!


To be continued in carnival cliche 34: Tooken