

Narrator: It has been too many tacos and fat kids since their last adventure. Tommy has been tooken by hitman the babysitter, which if you ask me was kinda predictable. Like, he was even offering to do it for free.


Brian: How do we know if the caller is a scammer or the real hitman?


Larry: Step aside, I know my scammers well. Hello (in baljeet accent)


Hitman: I’m gonna take your child


Larry: Sir, is there an issue with your computer


Brian: Now you’re scamming him?


Larry: Sir, have you tried turning the computer off and on again


Hitman: Oh, uh, no thanks. Hey, it worked


Larry: you’re very welcome sir


Hitman: I’m still keeping your baby tho


Larry: U suk


Hitman: I guess


Larry: goodbye everybody who hated on me


Hitman: K im hanging up now


Timmy: I want my child back. How are we gonna get him back. 


Cambry: Well, we could just trace the call.


Brian: Or, we could just trace the call.


Larry: Brian you're a genius!


Timmy: Tracking now.


Narrator: Ten minutes later.


Timmy: The call apparently came from somewhere called East Korea. 


Clichenie: My brother lives there.


All: AAAH!


Timmy: When did you get here?


Clichenie: Later.


Narrator: He vanishes. 


Larry: Ok so we go to East Korea, find Buddha in a Jar, and save Tommy.


Cambry: Let's roll!


Narrator: One US customs visit later.


Brian: Ok, where does Buddha in a Jar live?


BJ: Hey guys. 


All: AAH!


Larry: Does your entire family do that.


BJ: Yeah. What can I do for you?


Timmy: The hitman took my kid. We got a tip that he lived in East Korea. We just need to know where in East Korea he is. We thought you could help.


BJ: Yeah he lives down the street. All you have to do is meet his demands.


Larry: Hold on I'm getting a call. Hello


Hitman: In, west korea I was born and raised…


Larry: Hold up, I thought you lived in east korea


Hitman: Of course clichenie forgets that I moved. Like he went to my housewarming party and all


Larry: Alright thanks


Hitman: Hey that’s not fair I helped you, now you need to pay me back


Larry: I fixed your computer okay


Hitman: Shut up


Larry: Dang that hurt like ow


Hitman: oh and good luck crossing the weast korea county line


Larry: We’ll be there in 9


Hitman: 8


Larry: (daylin voice) 7


Hitman: I’m screwed


Cambry: Let’s roll


Timmy: why’d we have to stop at the county line and not just skip over it


Brian: filler/vitruvius


CKD 1: Hello how may I help you gentlemen


Larry: We know we’re going to college when people from another country speak better english than us


Brian: Yes can we cross the county line


CKD 2: Technically, uh yah, but it’s dangerous and stuff over there


Larry: Hey, we just got out of high school, we can handle anything


CKD 1: U 3 dipsticks won’t last 7 seconds over the county line


Cambry: Bet


CKD 2: oh dang


Cambry: Let’s roll


KB: out of the car fellas


Brian: how many seconds was that


CKD 1: 7


Larry: In your face! Leedle leedle leedle


CKD 2: I don’t know what you guys are laughing for. Your talking car just got bootganged


Cambry: HELP GUYS, this man is gonna feed me vegetarian tacos!


Korean bootganger: Up shut!


Timmy: That’s just like what PE says


Larry: I think korean bootganger is just a ripoff of PE. They do a lot of ripoffs here


KB: Get to school kiddren


Larry: cambry you’re a self driving car, just eject him or something


Cambry: I mean, now that I’m thinking about it, vegetarian tacos sound pretty good, I mean at least...


KB: is it okay if we downgrade from vegetarian tacos to vegan tacos


Cambry: HELP GUYS I WANNA LIVE, I WANNA LIVE


Brian: Just say something inspirational to get rid of him


Cambry: uh, I am Cars


Narrator: Korean bootganger jumps out of cambry


Cambry: Let’s roll… in korean


Hitman: Nothing like watching some minecraft/fortnite parodies after bootganging someone’s kid


Timmy: Its the FBI open up


Hitman: Shoot, I knew sooner or later I was gonna get caught


Larry: Give us back our kid


Timmy: He’s really my kid tho


Brian: I thought we were all gonna share custody, because sometimes we drink out of the same soda


Cambry: I call dibs on Saturdays and sundays


Brian: I call dibs on monday thru friday


Timmy: I don’t get to see my own kid?


Larry: Get used to it, life’s just gonna bootgang your children sometimes


Timmy: Not life, you guys are just bad friends


Hitman: I think I found a compromise. I can clone your baby so that each person gets a tommy. Once you clone a tommy, you get a tommy


Larry: That doesn’t sound very safe


Hitman: Of course it isn’t. By the way, I’m not handing the baby over.


Timmy: Give it back


Hitman: You don’t even know its name!


Narrator: Due to pure chilcheness, Timmy and hitman fight for tommy, and he accidently gets thrown into a machine, timmy falls backwards, hitting the rest of the gang, sending them back to bakersfield, and hitman falls backwards and hits the button that activates the machine that tommy is inside


Hitman: No, what I have i done? I’m pretty sure he’s inside a super microwave


Narrator: Tommy gets larger and his skin starts to change


Hitman: Wait, this isn’t the super microwave, it’s the make-a-villain-out-of-someone’s-kid-machine


Narrator: Tommy busts out of the machine and is now a gelatinous cube


Hitman: Okay kid, you’re gonna be my villain sidekick


Narrator: Tommy succs hitman into himself and spits him out somewhere in space


Hitman: i’ll be back in a few scripts!


Narrator: meanwhile back in bakersfield


Larry: Hold on guys, I’m getting a call. Hello (baljeet voice)


Hitman: yeah, um your friends kid is kinda destroying weast korea and if he succs too much then he might commit destroy planet


Larry: Is this a scam


Hitman: No like i can send you a picture, pretty great view from up here


Larry: Naw its fine I believe you. Bye. Guys, we need to save tommy


Timmy: Oh yeah I forgot about him


Cambry: Let me guess, Tommy is a gelatinous cube rampaging in weast korea


Larry: Good guess but nope


Brian: How will we save the world


Larry: I guess I will have to teach you how to be villains


Narrator: Timmy plays sax, RIP Stefan karl, and boom the gang is superheroes


Brian: What should our team be called


Timmy: Special Heroes In Turkey


Larry: Perfect. Now lets save tommy


Cambry: Let’s roll… to the movies


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 35: To the movies