
Narrator: It has been 10 gelatinous tommys since their last adventure. The gang is heading over to roll city to become super heroes.


Timmy: Can't we just get our morphers instead.


Cambry: Are you kidding me?! We don't even know where Elmer is.


Timmy: Fine


Narrator: They go to the Super cashier.


Cashier: You fellas need supa powas.


All: Yes please


Timmy: To get my kid.


Larry: Save the town.


Brian: And Mr. Krabs. Oops wrong movie.


Cashier: Ok which one of you has the longest tonsils.


Cambry:(Opens wide) Me!


Larry: Those are some long tonsils boi!


Cashier: Ok, supa spit for you.


Cambry: Yeah.


Cashier: Who here can read?


Brian: I can.


Cashier: You get supa laser eyes.


Brian: All right.


Cashier: Who here is logical?


Timmy: Me sir.


Cashier: You get a boomerang for being boring, and you are the leader.


Timmy: Ok


Cashier: And since you are last pick you get the INFINITY THING!


Larry: What does it do?


Cashier: THINGS! OHOHOHOHO.
Narrator: All of the sudden Stan Lee pops up.


Stan: Hey guys its me, Stan Lee, doing one of my famoust Stan Lee Cameos.(Gets whispered to) Wait, this is a Cliche Movie!


Narrator: He runs off.


Stan: Believe it or not I’m actually gonna be a character


Cambry: Let’s roll


Brian: Wait look at the neighbors TV


Larry: We don’t have laser eyes to see through their walls


Brian: Wait, is that what laser eyes are?


Timmy: Just look at our TV


Narrator: Timmy is being boring. Every time he’s boring he throws the boomerang and crane kicks people around him


Stan: Hello everybody this is stan lee reporting for Cliche News 52. The gelatinous cube codenamed “Tommy” ate the whole state of Korea, and is now moving on to eating Russia.


Timmy: Special Heroes In Turkey, GOOO


Cambry: I know you’re the leader, but can I say it since I’m the method of transportation.


Timmy: No, just say Lets roll to the movies after I say my line


Cambry: Lets roll, to the movies


Larry: wait, do we really need to save russia. I mean we were trying to saw off that state anyways


Brian: For the people?


Larry: I mean who speaks russian anymore


Timmy: For the comedic value!


Cambry: Let’s roll, to the movies


Stan: Woah, titans, i mean special heroes, you guys need to learn how to become heroes


Larry: We’re kinda stuck in a confusing state of trying to save the world, trying to get our own movie, and trying to figure out how to be heroes


Stan: Just pick one


Timmy: the movie


Brian: where will we be able to get a movie


Stan: hold up, I know someone who is good at making movies


Timmy: Are most of their movies certified fresh?


Stan: hello, uh some kids want their own movie


Jade: Sure why not


Cambry: Lets roll to the movies


Narrator: The gang is at the stockdale auditorium, because jade was too lazy to get a real studio


Jade: hey class, my name is Jade Moviemaker, and you guys can have some cookies


Timmy: Shut up lets just get the movie made already


Jade: Ok, so can you guys tell me a story of defeating a villain


Larry: we haven’t done that yet


Jade: Thank you come again


Brian: Timmy, it was a stupid idea to do the movie first when we havent defeated tommy yet


Tommy: fine, let’s just go save my villain son, Special Heroes GO


Cambry: let’s roll to russia


Narrator: They roll to Russia and find Gelatommy.


Brian: Ok, Timmy, its your kid. What is the plan?


Timmy: We have to disable the Flagella. Only problem is it is inside of him.


Larry: Wait, he is forty feet tall. He won’t notice if Cambry drives right into him.


Cambry: OK THEN!


Narrator: Bada bing bada boom.


Brian: Now what?


Timmy: Cambry, melt away some of his gelly with dat acid spat.


Cambry:(gargling) OK. (Spits)


Narrator: He removes a thicc layer of gelly and reveals the Flagella with someone on top of it… hitman.


Hitman: Dang I should have put a lock on the gelly.


Timmy: Why hitman?


Hitman: Evil duh.


Larry: Get em.


Narrator: Brian uses his laser eyes to slice the flagella almost perfectly in half but it begins to regrow. Then, cambry spits at the flagella and burns it for reals. But hitman had some regrow syrup. Oh yeah and timmy threw a boomerang.


Larry: Guys stand back I’m gonna use the infinity thing


Timmy: Shut up! I want you all to stop fighting and let me fight hitman so the movie is about me


Narrator: Timmy throws another boomerang and crane kicks hitman


Hitman: Dang it I've been staring at the edge of the water long as I can remember never even knowing why, I wish i could be the perfect daughter but i come back to the water no mater how hard i try. Every turn i take every trail i track every path I make every road leads back, to place i know where I can not go where I long to be


Timmy: NO! This was supposed to be my monologue! Kids go home and ask your parents where babies come from.


Hitman: hold up I’m actually jade movie maker


Stan Lee: Why am I even here?


Clichenie: my name was in the credits


Narrator: tommy gets bored and turns back to regular


Larry: Wait i Don't even know what this infinitity thing does. (shakes it)


Narrator: All of the sudden, everybody except Hitman and Tommy who is safe at home starts to evaporate.


Hitman: (smiles/breaks 4th wall)


Larry: Why are you doing that


Hitman: because… you should have gone for the mitochondria which has its own DNA ribosomes, enzymes, and proteins.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 36: I don't feel so nice