
Narrator: It has been five fortnite marvel crossovers since their last adventure. The loser lounge is currently evaporated. They seem to be trapped in the infinity thing.


Timmy: Wow this place is crowded.


Larry: Oh I forgot to read the instructions. (reads label) If shooken will wipe out three fourths of the population.


Brian: Can't you just shake it again and get three fourths of everyone out of here. 


Narrator: It explodes.


Timmy: Wait, something is spelled in the ashes. (reads ash) If you wish to escape, find yourself some infinity tape.


Clichenie: Only one person has useless items for sale.


All: THE CASHIER


Narrator: The loser lounge heads over to the cashiers store.


Cashier: What you need cool kids?


Larry: You have any infinity tape?


Cashier: Yeah but I only give it to people who get caught in random side plots.


Narrator: BJ storms in.


BJ: Someone stole my jar!


Brian: So?


BJ: The jar is like my child. Without it I'm just Buddha in a.


Timmy: Did you see who took it?


BJ: Some guy wearing a button down shirt with horizontal stripes.


All: PE!


Larry: We will save your jar sir.


BJ: Thank you guys. I heard he has an apartment on the east side of the infinity thing.


Narrator: They go over to the east side.


Timmy: (Knocks down door) FBI open up!


PE: What do you guys want?


Brian: We have source that says you stole a buddha’s jar.


PE: Yeah so what? 


Larry: We want it back.


PE: Fine, you can have it back… if you can get me some infinity tape.


Brian: We need the jar to get the tape!


PE: Fine, umm… go find my son.


Timmy: Ok fine. Do you know where he is?


PE: He was last seen hating on me three blocks down on the city square.


Brian: Ok, so know we have to get PES, to get the jar, to get the tape, to escape.


Cambry: Let's roll.


Narrator: They go to the city square and see PES protesting in times square.


PES: We want money. We want money!


Brian: Hey why do you want money?


PES: I want a vegetarian taco.


Narrator: The loser lounge huddles up.


Cambry: Guys I have one taco left what do I do?


Timmy: Give it to him I wanna get out of here.


Cambry: But I'm hungry.


Brian: How about this…. Yeet!


Narrator: He takes the taco and throws it at PES. He devours it on impact.


PES: I understand the meaning of life. Life is like a parachute that opens on impact. You can't rely on in to work but you still hope it does.


Larry: Will you come with us now?


PES: YES I WILL… If you can save Stan Lee from the infiniflagella.


Timmy: Why the hell is Stan Lee in trouble from the infiniflagella?


PES: Well, he has an overactive imagination and thought it was his long lost mom.


Brian: So now we gotta save Stan Lee to get PES to get the jar to get the tape and Mr. Krabs.


Cambry: Let's roll.


Narrator: They go downtown and find the infiniflagella harrasin Stanny.


Stan: Hey is this a CAMEO!


Larry: Shut up Stan Lee we are here to save you.


Stan: Hurry up before I lose my marbles.


Narrator: They begin to fight. Cambry spits and burns the flagella in the flagelleye. While stunned, Brian laser eyes it in the ovary. Timmy cuts the flagella in half using his boomerang. And finally Larry, throws the broken infinity thing, dealing the final blow. The infiniflagella releases Stan Lee and he gently floats down.


Stan: Thanks for saving me kids. Ecxelxior!


Timmy: Ok what is it?


Stan Lee: What do you mean?


Brian: What random side quest are you gonna get us wrapped into.


Stan: No quest, go get that tape and save us all!


All: YEAH!!


Narrator: They run back to PES, deliver him to PE, deliver the jar back to buddha, and are about to buy the tape.


Cashier: Sorry boys, someone just bought the last roll.


Larry:(Grabs cashier by the shirt) WHO BOUGHT IT?!!?!?!?!


Cashier: A man who had pork wing sauce all over his shirt.


All: Pub Dude?


Cashier: Yeah that is the guy!


Cambry: Let's roll.


Narrator: This is taking to long.


PD: Oh hey guys what is up?


Brian: What are you doing here?


PD: I live here until we escape.


Timmy: What are you gonna do with that tape?


PD: Repair my roof.


Larry: No! We need that tape to get us all out of here.


PD: What do you mean? There is a door right there.


Brian: Huh? Why are you still here?


PD: You make a good point


Narrator: They all exit the infinity thing

Brian: YOU MEAN WE SPENT ALL THAT TIME DOING RANDOM SIDE QUESTS FOR ABSOLUTELY NO FREAKING REASON.


Larry: Why you so on edge?


Brian:(slaps Larry) Shut up baljeet looking bass.


Larry: Whatever let's get the hitman.


Narrator: They do that.


Hitman: Why are you guys still alive


Larry: You didn't even try to kill us 


Hitman: I don't even want to fights. Let's call it even.


Brian: No way JOSE.


Hitman: I didn't take french.


Narrator: The hitman jumps into the ocean and disappears. 

Larry: Let's go home.

Cambry: Or we could follow him into the ocean.


Brian: Sure, hey guys, no offense, but this adventure kinda sucked.


Larry: I never should have shook the infinity thing.


Timmy: Whatever let's go get our ocean on!


Cambry: Never say that again.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 37: Atlantis Clichepantis.