

Narrator: It has been five flagella since their last adventure. The loser lounge is now tracking Hitman into the depths of the ocean.


Cambry: Oh my god. THAT'S A MEGALADOAN.


Larry: Catch yourself it's just a regular Don.


Don: I'm right here


Timmy: Ok, this map Cambry coughed up a while ago says that Hitman is most likely in a place called Atlantis.


Brian: Do we have to get there using song.


Cambry: No, when I'm in the ocean I run on oil spills.


Timmy: Let me guess, you're running low on fuel and you need us to stop and refuel.


Cambry: Guys, we need to stop for fuel.


Timmy: Of course.


Narrator: They find an oil spill about three lefts.


Cambry: While I'm slurping it up let's go over the plan.


Brian: Yeah we don't even have a way into Atlantis.


Larry: Here is the plan. We go down the underwater road and ask the cashier for gills.


Timmy: You guys get gills, I get chills.


Brian: What?


Timmy: Chill will provide my gills DUH!


Larry: Guys, I think I belong here with the other bass trolls.


Brian: Stop getting sidetracked, what do we do next.


Larry: Then we get a passport to Atlantis from Announcerboat, a frequent swimmer.


Timmy: THEN?


Larry: Ok, really quickly, Timmy, who is watching your kid?


Timmy: Narrator whomst is a mama juan




Larry: Ok, once we get inside, we ask BJ where Hitman lives


Brian: Why would BJ know?


Larry: He is like Clichenie, he knows everything, also his jar is waterproof.


BJ: it’s not naturally waterproof, i had to use flex tape to get it that way.


Larry: Even better


Timmy: Anyways, where does Hitman live


BJ: Wasn’t he sent back to space or something? Whatever, uh he’s in his underwater kingdom temple thingy.


Brian: You mean atlantis


BJ: No, it’s like Atlantis’s neighbor


Brian: what’s it called


BJ: Hitmantis


Larry: of course.


Timmy: Where is this hitmanis?

Larry: You have bad listening, remember, it’s atlantis’s neighbor


Timmy: Okay, but where is atlantis


Cambry: I think I may have gps and some underwater jet turbines
Larry: NOT NOW CAMBRY


BJ: You want me to teleport you there or something?


Cambry: Sure, let’s roll, teleporting underwater.


Narrator: I should be watching Tommy. Anyway they go to Hitmantis. They are confronted by a HitmanMaid.


HM: GET OUT OF HERE YOU BULLWINKLES!


Brian: Where have you been all my life?


Larry: Please, we are looking for a bad man. 


Timmy: He kidnapped my kid. It took me three days to make that kid. THREE DAYS!


HM: Ok, you can come in… as long as nobody has three T’s in their name.


Timmy: You are gonna love my son.


Brian: (Whispers) Your name for now is Timothy Thompson Flounder.


Timmy: Hey wasn’t my name originally Timothy Thompson Turner.


Larry: SHUT THE FACE UP!


HM: Whatever come on in.


Brian: We’re in.


HM: I just said that.


Brian: Wonderful place you got here


HM: I bootganged someones carpy apartment, I don’t even pay rent


Larry: Brian don’t tell me you in love with that HitmanMaid


Brian: Uh..uhh.u..uh..h.h.u.h.hh BITTTT…


Larry: Why you sad


HM: by the way, I know exactly where your kid is and everything


Timmy: Where


HM: I can reveal that information if someone kisses me


Brian: I’ll do it!


Larry: You’re kidding


Cambry: I think stop signs are hotter than her


HM: Fine, just say the secret password


Brian: NOOOOOOOO


Larry: can we just pretend there’s no password


HM: fine, there’s no password, just a firewall


Brian: NO! We’re not doing that again
HM: Fine, you guys don’t have to do any of that, just buy me some tacos or something and we’re gusta


Cambry: I always have some stored in my trunk

HM: Okay, so you’re kid is behind this weak wall that can be kicked down by even the boniest kid here


Brian: That’s me


Narrator: Everyone hears Tommy being quiet behind the wall


Larry: How could we not hear tommy before. Anyways, who will kick down the wall.


Timmy: It doesn’t matter, literally anyone can


Narrator: Like a genius, Cambry drives through the wall and tommy gets ran over


Timmy: 3 DAYS!!!!


Cambry: Whoops, I just give him some Jake brand CARPR.


Narrator: Cambry proceeds to drive forwards and backwards over time, digger him deeper into the ground


Brian: I think this is too violent for a kids show


Timmy: I never even got to find out what my son’s power was 


Narrator: Due to some miracle or bad writing, Tommy’s power was being indestructible
Cambry: Okay I saved your dumb kid, let’s roll out of this scary place


Narrator: They roll, out of the water


Brian: (sad)


Larry: why you sad


Brian: I had to leave the woman of my dreams


Larry: First of all, it probably wasn’t even a woman. Second, I’ll tell why the relationship wouldn’t have worked out


Brian: really


Larry: I mean she/he can breathe underwater and you can’t


Brian: Oh. What a fricken, fricken, biiiittt


Cambry: Hey guys my Cliche GPS isn’t working


Brian: Did we go off the map, or even the world


Larry: Uh, my head feels upside down, are we in Australia?


Timmy: Hey look, an island


Cambry: Let’s roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 38: Off to clunker island