
Narrator: It has been four indestructible Tommy’s since their last adventure.


Timmy: WOAh, your secret power


Tommy: Shut up dad


Timmy: woah u have teen angst, maybe you have every power


Tommy: No I’m just talking this one time


Brian: Guys, an island


Larry: We already saw the island


Timmy: im dizzy, are we upside down?


Brian: No, this is not australia


Larry: the islands called clunker island


Cambry: Ahhhh, im gonna crash into the island


Narrator: They crash into the island. People are surrounding them


IS1: What, you think your better than us


IS2: They think they’re better than us!


Don: Why am I even here


Cambry: woah, everyone here is cars


IS1: hey stay on the island with us, you’re our family


Cambry: how do you know


IS2: we checked on anchistory.com


Don: i’m not even a car and I’m living on land


Narrator: don implodes to australia or something


Brian: No. Cambry is our car


Larry: Back up jacks


Timmy: I don’t think they like us. Tommy beat them up


Narrator: Tommy freezes the cars for 2.9 seconds


Timmy: Wow does he have some radical powers.


Brian: guys lets ride off on announcerboat


Announcerboat: I’m out guys.


Narrator: He’s out guys.


Larry: Now what?


Cambry: Guys, maybe I could talk to the natives and get us a ride home.


Timmy: Or you could literally turn into a rocket or submarine and take us home.


Larry: When will you learn that we don't work that way.


Brian: Whatever, Cambry do the thing.


Cambry: Hello natives.


IS1: You think you're better than us?


Cambry: NO


IS2: He thinks he is better than us.


Cambry: Yo i just want to go home.


Timmy: THEN TAKE US YOU LAZY PIECE OF JUNK!


Cambry: (Gasp) If that is how you feel, then good luck getting home.


Narrator: He speeds of leaving the losers.


Brian: Now what.


Larry: Guess we have to find the leader cliche. Hey where is your leader!


IS2: Now HE is better than us! He lives down the road at Clunker Mansion.


Larry: Thanks.


Narrator: They skedaddle.


Brian:(knocks on door) Hello!


IS2: Welcome.


Timmy: What the hell are you doing here!


IS2: I live here.


IS1: You wanna see the baas or nah.


Narrator: They go to the thrown room.


Cambry: Who dares disturb my three thirty taco?


Larry: Cambry, you run this joint?


Brian: You're doing a bang up job!


Cambry: What do you guys want? 


Timmy: A way off the island.


Cambry: Yeah, just hop into your supercar… OH WAIT! I'm not your supercar anymore.


Larry: To whomst do you belong to now?


Cambry: I am king of clunker island.


Brian: You don’t even do anything.


Cambry: Oh yes I do. I just helped a car find his dad.


Timmy: Look I'm sorry for what I said but can we please go, I got kids to beat and cars to feed


ALL: KIDS!?


Timmy: Tommy and Chill duh!


Cambry: okay so I’ll help you guys home if you can find me the most bang up tacos on this island


Brian: guys we got this there’s a Jax in the bax on this island 


Cambry: let’s roll, oh wait


Narrator: the losers actually walk for once, you guys are fat, to the Jax in the bax


Alex’s brother: sorry, we’re closed


Brian: can we just get 4 tacos


Alex’s brother: fine, but only because your friends with my loser boat brother boi


Narrator: he makes tacos


Alex brothers: order up


Brian: yum I’m hungry


Narrator: out of plot and ginger fat Brian eats all the tacos


Larry: u ZUK 


Brian: fine I’ll order more


Alex brother: sorry, meat supply in Australia is low. There’s some meat but because of meat inflation and upside down tax, it’s gonna cost you a pretty penny


Timmy: oh guys it’s all good I have a pretty penny with me


Narrator: Timmy gives Alex’s brother a pretty penny


Brian: to get the tacos, save the cambry, and mr tommy!


Narrator: meanwhile at Cambrys lair.


Cambry: yeah, see that scratch, and see the paint? Well I want you to do my laundry


IS1: yessir


IS2: some losers have your uber eats ready


Cambry: let them in


Brian: what’s up buddy we got you tacos


Narrator: cambry inhales tacos and Brian 


Cambry: there’s wasn’t any lämp sauce, but it will pass. Let’s get out of this joint


IS1: you can’t leave now


IS2: THEY THINK THEY’RE BETTER THAN US


Car Don: one of us, one of us…


Cambry: what the hecc happened to you don


Car Don: once you go drown Atlantic Ocean, you never turn back into regular don


Cambry: I guess that make sense


Timmy: shut up let’s roll out of here


Cambry: let’s roll, expand wings


Narrator: cambry turns into camplane 


Timmy: where to?


Cambry: Wanna try to get home?


Larry: We have never done that before.


Timmy: Sure I have to nurse Timmy.


Narrator: They actually go home for the first time in 600 years.


Brian: Hey look at that.


Narrator: On the table is the shrink ray Clichenie had been working on.


Larry: That’s why he isn’t here all the time.


Timmy: Tommy NO!


Narrator: Tommy shrinks himself and gets sucked into Brian’s body.


Larry: Why the hell did you breath in so close?!


Brian: Tradition.


Timmy: What now!


Cambry: Duh, we shrink and find Tommy inside Brian.


Brian: Ok fine but no touching.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 39: Honey I shrunk the Kid