

Narrator: it has been 20 Sean carnnerys since their last adventure. The loser lounge is about to shrink.


Timmy: How does this work?


Cambry: Simple, we go in, we find Tommy, we expand inside Brian.


Larry: Won’t that kill him?


Cambry: He can turn into the BFG whenever he needs to remember?


Brian: Oh yeah. What are you waiting for? Hop on in the stomach acid is fine.


Cambry: Ok


Narrator: They shrink.


Cambry: We are going to enter through your mustache acne.


Brian: Why not the ear?


Cambry: FINE!


Narrator: In they go.


Timmy: It’s dark in here.


Brian: I’ll turn on the light.


Narrator: Brian swallows a flashlight.


Larry: Much better.


Cambry: Ok brian, do you feel a disturbance anywhere?


Brian: I have a massive headache.


All: To the brain.


Narrator: On the way to the brain, they see BJ.


BJ: Thank me thank almighty me!


Larry: BJ what are you doing here.


BJ: No time to explain, there is a prison camp in the foot filled with people Brian has shrunk and eaten, I escaped.


Timmy: Ok, you get outta here, we will check out the brain and ride a blood vessel down to the foot.


BJ: Good luck


Narrator: He hops out of the nose and flies away. They keep sailing and make it to the brain. They are surrounded by old memories and bad dreams.


Larry: When did you go skiing?


Brian: I went skiing?


Cambry: This is the memory part of the Brain. 


Brian: WAIT THERE IS A PRISON CAMP INSIDE ME!


Timmy: Let's worry about that later. Look it, its a little baby Brian.


Larry: I'm putting this on my watch.

Brian: Don't you dare!


Cambry: What the hell is that?


Narrator: In the distance is PE riding Hitman with a Foroz ray.


Larry: Ahh! A nightmare!


Brian: I got it.


Narrator: Brian sneezes and the nightmare disappears.


Timmy: Brian, where is the disturbance?


Brian: I don’t feel it anymore.
Cambry: The nightmare was the disturbance. 


Larry: Brian you sent us up here for nothing!


Brian: My bad.


Timmy: Let's check out the prison camp.


Narrator: They start surfing the bloodstream.


Larry: Lots of diabetes you got here.


Timmy: you're so pale I can see through your vein and skin and see outside.


Brian: Stop making fun in/of me.


Narrator: Before long they meet their first foe, Bloodstream Don


BD: Rawr, I eat anyone that surfs in a bloodstream


Brian: he seems like he’s very obviously a villain, but what if something bad happens if you kill him


Larry: Too late we just harpooned him


Narrator: Loads of diabetes and trapped souls are vomited out


Cambry: Ahh, why are we moving, Brian doesn’t puke out blood!


Brian: Guys im skinny because Im bulimic


Timmy: That explains a lot


Narrator: they get caught on something


Timmy: Woah someone turn the lights on, I can’t see


Narrator: Brian swallows another flashlight


Timmy: Thanks


Narrator: CANDY CRUSH. Delicious, tasty, sexy


Gene Gene: Welcome to the world inside your body


Larry: Who are you


GG: my name in the emoji movie was gene and since I’m inside brian’s body, you get the bad joke right


Timmy: This place suks lets leave


GG: Not before more sponsorships!


Brian: Have I eaten so much candy that it formed a game inside my body


Cambry: Let’s roll, elsewhere


Narrator: They end up at something rectangular, with a wall


Larry: hey guys its a cell, we learned that in bioligeewilikers


Timmy: Hold up, why is it a plant cell


Brian: That explains my weird shape/things


Cambry: What part of the cell is this?


Brian: Oh that part of the cell is what produces freckles


Larry: can we do you a favor and just kill it


Brian: Sure why not


Narrator: They pop the thing, getting rid of brians acne and freckles


Larry: Yay, we made Brian not ugly


Brian: AHHHH!


Timmy: Why are you screaming now you look decent


Brian: BEcause I forgot something important. A ginger cannot exist without acne or freckles. Now I’m just a regular kid with red hair, and for that the ginger gods with punish me and i’ll disappear


Cambry: gingers are complicated


Brian: Guys I’m slowly turning into powder


Larry: Do you not feel too good?


Brian: Guys, I have one message. All of you need to get is a time machine, go back in time and live through the events that will make me a ginger again


Larry: like what  teen titans go did that one time


Timmy: wait, isn’t my kid still inside you?
Brian: oh yeah, you can have him back


Narrator: Remember go back in time… and…


Larry: Get the time machine, save the surfers and Mr. ginger


Narrator: Brian disappears and the loser lounge is ejected out 


Timmy: where will we find a time machine


Larry: Dude if there’s a shrink ray here there’s definitely a time machine


Cambry: I can go into time machine mode


Timmy: No, the real time machine is probably better and less cliche


Cambry: but I have road snacks


Narrator: Yay


Cambry: let’s roll, to brians past


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 40: Life of brioche