
Narrator: It’s been 10 liters since their last adventure. The loser lounge is going on an adventure to space, but you probably already knew that.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Brian: That sounds great but there is one problem. None of us can fly a spaceship. In fact, we don’t even have a spaceship.


Cambry: Don't worry, I can turn into a space shuttle at any time necessary, cuz plot.


Brian: What else can you turn into?


Cambry: Well, I can turn into a toaster, a toaster waffle, a plane, a bike, anything necessary for plot.


Narrator: Cambry then turns into the S.S. Cliche


Cambry: Let’s roll...upwards


Larry: I’ve always wondered what S.S. is an acronym for.


Cambry: Super Succ.


Timmy: Can I have a line, I haven’t had one in ten asian seconds


Brian: Sure


Narrator: They board Cambry as they prepare for impact.. I mean liftoff.


Larry: Cambry, where in the Universe is Clichenie


Cambry: He is most likely somewhere in the Meme Galaxy on the planet Dead Meme


Brian: Wow how do you know all this?


Cambry: Care.com/plot.


Larry: Whatever, lets go


Narrator: They fly into space, singing music for nine gallons


Everyone: Whatever you've been told, you're worth more than gold, Party like it’s 1999, da da da da da da, mamma always said gotta be yourself gotta be yourself
Hitman ghost: (solo) Let me drive my van into your...


Cambry: Hey guys, we’re almost…


Larry: LOOK OUT!


Narrator: Due to texting while driving/plot, THANKS GENE!... the loser lounge crash into a billboard of Carnival Cliche 13: North Korea Adventures. Because they crashed into the billboard, Cambry is now almost out of fuel.


Brian: (to cambry) you suck.


Larry: Where are we?


Cambry: According to my Placebo, we are on Plot Convenience: The planet


Timmy: Hey look at the fine print on the billboard we just crashed into!


Larry: C’mon timmy why’d you have to bring reading into this?


Brian: It says, “All bubble blowing babies will be beaten senseless by every bodied patron in the bar”


Larry: Bar


Timmy: yeah but where is the bar


Larry: bar


Brian: I’m just gonna take a wild guess… inside that 7/11’s bathroom?


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: (Spongebob timestamp voice) A few moments later...


Cashier: Hi how are ya?


Timmy: You look kinda familiar...


Cashier: Oh yeah I saw you at Hooters!


Brian: Do you have a bar…


Larry: Bar


Brian: ...inside your bathroom?


Cashier: That’s the weirdest question I’ve ever gotten! And no there is no bar in the bathroom!


Timmy: Oh yeah, then how come I hear a flex tape infomercial inside the bathroom? Hmm? Hmm? Hmm? Hmmmmmmmm?(spongebob joke)


Cashier: OKAY OKAY! I admit! I hadn’t heard about Flex Tape until I was in the pub! But I must warn you about the sacred code that goes inside there!


Everyone: All bubble blowing babies will be beaten senseless by every bodied patron in the bar


Larry: Bar


Cashier: Here. To protect yourself, take one weapon, any weapon. Nail clippers, damager IV’s, a picture of Brian and his siblings, or a nuke


Timmy: (shanks cashier) NOPE! We’re taking all of them!


Narrator: The Loser Lounge grabs the nail clippers, damager IV’s and the picture of Brian and his siblings


Timmy: What about the nuke?


Larry: Timmy, stop trying to bring useless things along the ride!


Brian: (gasps) Don’t talk about the narrator that way!


Timmy: Guys, I’m not sure how I want to play this. We can either burst in and try to kill everyone, or we can try to fit in.


Larry: I think we are go for meh.


Timmy: How is that supposed to work?


Brian: Shut up Brian it’s brilliant.


Larry: One problem, how are we gonna get their phone numbers?


Timmy: That’s why that idea sucks!


Cambry: I have their phone numbers!


Timmy: HOW?


Cambry: Care.com/Plotcebo


Brian: Oh I guess that makes sense


Larry: I’m trying to send Gene, but I think he’s malfunctioning


Timmy: What’s he doing?


Brian: He’s making the wrong face!


Guy: (receives the malfunctioned gene) What the heck?


Narrator: The loser lounge breaks open the bathroom door, only to find that no one was inside the bar, except the guy


Timmy: (holds nail clippers) demons begone!


Narrator: the guy explodes from flintstones vitamins/Placebo


Brian: Wait, why are we in the bar again?


Larry: Damage, we just used a bunch of filler!


Cambry: I need to fuel up, but my needy bass requires Premium memes, and this 7/11 only has Super Premium memes!


Timmy: Super Premium is better though!


Cambry: Excuse me! I like my memes dank, not damaged.


Timmy: Too bad. We’ll just use the soap in here instead


Narrator: The Loser Lounge fills Cambry up with soap, when suddenly a drop leaks, forming a bubble.


Cashier: (gasps) I detect bubble blowing babies! 


Brian: PLEASE DON’T KILL US!
        
Cashier: Nah it’s cool, it’s just that bubble blowing babies don’t get a 5% discount.


Larry: That’s racist.


Narrator: The Loser Lounge then leaves the 7/11


Cashier: Thank you, come again!


Guy: All bubble blowing babies will be beaten senseless by every bodied patron in the bar


Larry: Bar


Cashier: BOO YOU STINK!


Narrator: Okay, for real, the Loser Lounge leaves 7/11


Brian: Bye Felicia!


Guy: grrrrrrrr


Narrator: OKAY IT’S TIME TO LEAVE NOW!


Cambry: Let’s roll... upwards


Larry: We’re on a baby hunt! And don't think we don't know how to weed em out!


Timmy: Wow I can smell the copyright infringement from here.


Everyone: NOBODY CARES!


Cambry: Guys, we should be arriving on Dead Meme soon!


Brian: Wait I forgot the picture of me and my siblings at the bar!


Larry: Bar


Narrator: They magically teleport inside the 7/11


Guy: Konichiwa


Narrator: Timmy shanks guy


Brian: Damage, the picture is in the toilet. It’s already been in there once.


Narrator: (toilet makes “pluh” sound) The toilet spits out the picture.


Cambry: Let’s roll...upwards.


Narrator: Soon, they arrive on the planet Dead Meme. All that can be seen for miles is thousands of dead and crusty memes.


Cambry: We are here bois


Timmy: Let’s go together!


Brian: Shut up Brian


Narrator: They wander the town and find a place called “Ghost Club”


Larry: Wait, maybe the hitman is in there and he can tell us where to find our super suit, I mean Clichenie.


Brian: Shut up Timmy


Timmy: Ha you got me


Narrator: They all walk in and see in the corner is a hitman


Brian: I got this


Narrator: He walks over to the hitman


Brian: Tell us where Clichenie is before I cut off your bull tendercles.


Hitman: Or else what?


Brian: I already told you what I would do!


Hitman: Oh right. Too bad. So far I have 52,000 I.O.U’s for you guessed it, boiled cabbage.


Larry: Noice.


Hitman: Just kidding, sorry kid, my body was born with 52,000 bull tendercles, and I owe all of them.


Timmy: Clichadle, Clichoolde, GIVE US YOUR BULL TENDERCLES!


Narrator: Hitman spits out bull tendercle. 


Brian: Aww, damage. This one has a couple of candy corn stains and a bucket napkin.


Hitman: See ya later, illegal skaters (teleports)
Larry: Wait a minute. Hitman can teleport. Clichenie can teleport. They must be roommates!


Brian: They were roommates.


Timmy: Sounds Troutastic! C’mon Timmy!


Cambry: Let’s roll 


Narrator: They are now all traveling inside Cambry. I don’t know where there.


Larry: Wait, where are we going. 


Cambry: I can track people without tracking devices due to…        


Brian: Flintstones vitamins/plotcebo?


Cambry: No. This time it’s Mucinex.


Timmy: Well, where is he?


Cambry: At the bar


Larry: Bar


Timmy: What, I don’t want to go back there!


Brian: Sounds Troutastic, come on Timmy!


Narrator: They teleport to the bar


Cambry: Let’s roll


Hitman: Get out of here guys!


Timmy: Why?


Hitman: I’m depressed.


Larry: Why?


Hitman: My cousin got the left Twix, and I got the right one. The right one is wrong!


Brian: Who’s your cousin.


Timmy: Is he Clichenie?


Hitman: Yee.


Larry: We’re trying to find him. Maybe if we find him he can give you unlimited left Twixs.


Hitman: DEAL!


Brian: Cambry, you probably already know where Clichenie is don’t you?


Narrator: Due to plot, Cambry lost his ability to track people.


Timmy: Damage. (kicks Larry’s Damager IV’s)


Narrator: Timmy kicks Larry’s Damager IV’s, causing the compass fluid to leak, causing the lights to short out, making Brian drop the picture of him and his siblings, all combining to form a portal, labelled Exact Location of Clichenie.


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: They roll into the portal.


Everyone: Not sponsored by The Spongebob Squarepants movie, Placebo, Mucinex, JonTorn, Sketchers, 7/11, and more… DON’T SUE US!


Continued in Carnival Cliche 5: Pourtal time