

Narrator: It has been 39 shrunken freckle cells since their last adventure. The gang is heading to Brian’s darkest memories to help retrieve his gingerness


Timmy: Now that you’re saying it aloud, how exactly do we retrieve gingerness


Larry: I think if we don’t do anything he’ll just be a generic blond kid, so we need to fit the scenario with his personality


Timmy: What do you mean by that


Larry: If there’s food on the ground, we need to make him eat it


Cambry: first stop coming up. 


Narrator: Brian is standing with some hooligans


Larry: Alright guys, first lesson in trickery, we need to make Brian nice, cuz right now he’s like ijaz


Hooligan 1: Hey kid is that your mom’s car


Young brian: That car has a face and appears to be self-driving, so I don’t think that’s my mom


Timmy: Hey it looks like Brian is already nice


Hooligan 2: Hey kid you think you’re better than us


Brian: Take a look for yourself, its a car with a face with a bunch of college dropouts in it


Larry: shoot he’s not nice yet


H1: he thinks he’s better than us


Cambry: Hey brian mind if we abduct you and teach you how to be nice


Brian: Sure why not


TImmy: Wait I just realized it’s pointless teaching him to be nice, when we have to teach him to be a jerk later on and call people bitttt…


Brian: but i'm already nice college dropouts


Cambry: fine then talk smack


Narrator: Cambry throws brian into the middle of the hooligans and they all eat him

Larry: Damage we have to go back in time and fix this


Narrator: They go back to when brian was in the car


Larry: Okay, so if the hooligans talk smack just say sorry or thank you


Brian: Sorry


Larry: you got it


Cambry: yeet


Narrator: Cambry yeets brian into the hungry pack of hooligans. Brian apologizes to all of them and they all turn nice


Larry: yay, to the next memory


Cambry: Let’s roll, with road snacks.


Narrator: They keep on rolling and see young brian eating watermelon.


YB: Yum yum yum


Cambry: oh no


Larry: What?


Cambry: He is supposed to be eating crackers. At this rate he will soon become Lebrian Brockson.


Timmy: You racer.


Cambry: I'm a car


Larry: Aye yo young brian. Eat your crackers


YB: But they’re dry and unsatisfying. Also, I need the energy so I can go play street ball.


Timmy: NOO!


Narrator: Timmy force feeds YB sixteen crackers.


YB: I forgot to put on my pimple cream.


Larry: All seems well.


Narrator: They start to surf through time and see Brian at the dentist.


Dentist: looks like your teeth have no issues.


YB: Perfect, I'm ready for the school dance. Hitmanmaid isn’t gonna dance by herself.


All: Ahhh Brian has a girlfriend!


Larry: Ok, first.


Narrator: Larry punches Brian in the teeth.


Dentist: Ow… Looks like you’re gonna need braces.


YB: Thaths fine, juths as long as I can dancth with Maidy.


Cambry: I think I'm gonna be sick.


Timmy: When did Brian have a school dance?


Cambry: This is in a universe where Brian isn’t a ginger. Things can change. 


Larry: Also, grade school wasn’t important to us.


Narrator: They roll to the school dance.


YB: Hey Maidy.


HM: Hi Brioche.


All: Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww


YB: I'm gonna get us some punch.


HM: Yeah, do that.


Cambry: Now is my chance.


Larry: You gonna spill the punch on him?


Cambry: Not necessarily.


Narrator: Brian is filling cups when Cambry runs him over. He is covered in tire marks and dirt.


HM: You know I'm allergic to dirt!


Narrator: She storms off.


YB: WHY!?!??!?!?!??


Larry: Brian is a pathetic excuse for a boyfriend. Looks like everything is back to normal.


Cambry: Wait, something isn’t right.


Narrator: The loser lounge is transported back to the mountain where they became themselves.


Larry: Look, Brian is about to become a Ginger again.


Narrator: Brian’s skin starts to whiten when young timmy pulls out a shotgun.

Timmy: What the hell?


Larry: Put that down young timmy.


YT: I don’t wanna. 


Cambry: Zoom!


Narrator: Cambry runs over YT and balance is completely restored.


Brian: You guys did it!


Timmy: (Muttering) Why did I have a shotgun?


Larry: Wait, the baby car seat is empty. Where the bell is that Tommy?


Brian: Didn’t I tell you? In order for be to come back, time took your son.


Timmy: I knew I should've used protection.


Larry: Didn’t you asexually reproduce?


Timmy: Yeah, I should have protected Tommy from Time.


Brian: How would you do that?


Timmy: Time insurance duh.


Cambry: i'm tired. Can we rest.


Timmy: What is this was a taco lost in time?


Cambry: LET'S ROOOOOOLLLLLLL!


Narrator: They roll through time again.


Cambry: First up, the medieval ages.


Larry: Hold on I'm getting a call. Hello? 


PE: You aren’t going to medieval times are you?


Brian: Yeah why?


PE: My great great great Grand enforcer lives there, Sir Enforcerlot.


Timmy: Is that bad?


PE: He is just embarrassing.


Cambry: I can't wait to see this.


Narrator: They travel back and are at a small town.


SE: Who douth go douth?


Timmy: Oh this is too good.


SE: Who art thou?


Brian: We hate art tho.


Cambry: Yo you seen a Tommy.


SE: Ah, Sir Tommylot.


Timmy: Well sir Timmylot wants his son back


SE: For that we would have to duel.


Timmy: Haven't done this in a while but ok.


SE: He shanks SE.


SE: Oh I need a pharmacist.


Larry: Shame they won't exist for two hundred years.


Brian: Where is he?


SE: Up there.


Narrator: They see Tommy float up and disappear.


Timmy: Damage we’re too late.


Brian: Can we go to the time period where everything is underwater?


Cambry: Ok? To the alternate past where the Ice Age was the Water Age.


Narrator: They arrive and are in a underwater city called Mantis. They meet a native.


HMM: Who are you guys?


Larry: Huh, fluent english. We are looking for a child with infinite powers. Three feet tall, too afraid to make a speaking character.


HMM: Oh, you seek the almighty Maido.


Timmy: Yeah his name is Timmy and he’s my son!


Brian: Wait what is your name?


HMM: HitmanMom.


Brian: Hiihhihihihih… HitmanMom!


Timmy: Let it go!


Narrator: They follow her all the way to Tommy.


HMM: Behold, Maido the great god of time travel. Legend has it he can disappear at anytime.


Cambry: Grab him quickly!


Narrator: Timmy lunges at Tommy but he evaporates at the last second.


Larry: Damage, now what?


Brian: Ok, we need to think like Tommy. Where would a blank year old child go for fun?


Larry: Maybe 0 Period Advanced AP Business GATE Chemistry Xs Max


Brian: yeah you’re probably right 


Narrator: They teleport to that class. They look around and see no Tommy, but a hecc lot of indian kids


Brian: Hey look, murt


Larry: No wonder murt is so high school browned


Murt: Can ya’ll be quiet I’m trying to sleep


Larry: Can you help us find Tommy


Murt: he dropped out of this class cuz it was too easy, i’m gonna do the same probably.


Larry: What class is he going to instead


Murt: The hardest class to pass in this universe


Brian: What?


Murt: below grade level logic
Larry: I guess that makes sense


Narrator: they teleport to that class


Timmy: Come here tommy. After this i’m gonna keep you on a leash


Teacher: And, you have passed this class tommy. Nice job!


Timmy: What’d he learn?


Teacher: well, now he’s logical. He can’t teleport, talk or anything else that one year olds aren´t supposed to do. Now he’s a basic white kid. His powers will come back though so be prepared


Timmy: I'm keeping you on a leash.


Larry: Now I'm sad.


Brian: Why?


Larry: (Whispering) Do the speech!


Brian: Oh yeah! Hey buddy. Suns getting real low.


Larry: Not that one.


Brian: Ok supermom!


Larry: Stop with the jokes and heal my soul.


Brian: Ok ok, Larry, you don’t think we all aren’t sad? None of us have seen our parents in years, Clichenie is always leaving, and none of us will ever find love. But that hasn’t stopped us yet. We have been through forty different adventures, each one more and more stupid than the last. Still, we keep on rocking. Without these adventures we would be rotting at home watching Lazarelk. So tell me! What are you gonna do?


Larry: Get up!


Brian: Then what?


Larry: Keep Fighting man!


Brian: And who wrote this script?


Larry: I DID! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!


Cambry: Woah, picking up some serious malfunctions insert place and plot here.


Timmy: How long till we get there.


Cambry: About one whole adventure.

Larry: Ok,(turns to camera) While we are travelling, please enjoy this adventure of Announcerboat and Cashier.


Narrator: Meanwhile….


AB: HEY BATTA BATTA WE A GETTING CHASED!


Cashier: This is gonna be fun!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 41: Announcer and Cashier