
Narrator: It has been 9,986,000 minutes since their last adventure. The loser lounge is traveling the world. Meanwhile, the less focused on primaries Announcerboat, Cashier, and Clichenie, are being chased by PE. They are now taking refuge in a holiday inn.


AB: Holy Heck Cashier! Wata we gonna do!


Cashier: You better learn to talk normal.


AB: It’s impassible I tells ya!


Clichenie: I sense a dark presence approaching.


Cashier: Ok, someone has to pretend they work here and get rid of him.


AB: You do it! He won't suspect a thing bada bada!


Cashier: Ok.


Narrator: He heads out to the front desk wearing a fake beard.


Cashier: Hi my name is Holland welcome to holiday inn. Can I help you?


PE: Have you seen three outlaws. One is cashier like, one is spiritual, and one is ugly.


AB: HEY I AINT UGLY BADA BADA!


Narrator: PE darts at Clichenie but he turns into air..(Yeah he can do that now). Then, PE runs for AB and hits Cashier right in the blue jean sitter. PE is stunned and they all climb into Announcer and escape.


AB: Woah, I forgot I am also human!


Clichenie: Forget that. Why is he chasing us?


Cashier: We must have something he wants. Quick empty your pockets.


AB: I'm a boat I don't have pockets bada!


Timmy: what happened to you being able to turn back to human?


Cashier: Why are you here 


Timmy: Ill appear every once in a while for a lesson in logicry. 


Narrator: logicman disintegrates.


Clichenie: All I have is a couple of elmer shell stains Timmy gave me and a bottle of mayo napkins.


AB: That’s it. He wants to put a little mayoclinic 


Cashier: No he obviously wants to summon Elmer and have him do something evil.


Clichenie: Why don't we just call the lounge and they can help us out 


Cashier: NO. Just because there are only three of us and we have to re use the same voices all the time doesn’t mean we should call the lounge. As of today we are the failure family.


All: Yeah alright!


AB: We are approaching Compton. Permission to dock.


Cashier: You're the boat!


Narrator: They arrive in Compton and are confronted by two Compton Bros.


CB1: Whatchu need my brethren!


AB: We a don't a wanna be a racist dabada.


Cashier: Ok stereotypical bros. We are being chased and we need a place to stay.


CB1: Why do you think you can stay with us? You think you are better than us?


CB2: He thinks he is better than us!


Cashier: No but a madman named PE is trying to summon a bull god for some nefarious reason! 


CB1+2: PE!


Clichenie: You know him?


CB1: He enforced all our stereotypical friends. We’ll protect you from him.


AB: Thanks a million kiddo bas!


Narrator: They spend the night in the Bros house. PE arrives the next morning.


CB2: Guys finish eating your chicken and waffles he is here!


Clichenie: How did he track us?


AB: I don't know.


Narrator: They look at the water and see that there is a trail of Emoji movie DVDs.


Cashier: Damage man!


AB: My BADa.


Clichenie: How are we gonna get out of here?


CB1: We have a 1957 Cambry in the driveway. Get in and drive away. We will handle him.


Narrator: They hop in the car and begin to drive away.


PE: Hey guys.


CB2: Hey old friend they went that way.


PE: Thanks.


Narrator: They are driving down the street. The car begins to speak.


1957: Hello I am 1957 Cambry. You can call me 1957 or 19’ or ‘57 or you can honk my horn and call me Carby to the 19’ to the ‘57 on zucc street. Lets rock... compton old school style


Narrator: they rock towards a scary edgy 7/11


AB: I’m scared bada, my friend jake isn’t here


Clichenie: who’s jake


AB: scratch that 


Clichenie: wait why are we going to a 7/11 anyways


CB2: crazy stuff always happens at 7/11, watch


Narrator: 2 guys point nerf guns at each other. Both of their survival instincts kick in and they start having a build off. Once they get high, 1957 breaks the one wall base like an idiot


AB: We just murdered 2 guys, we’re going to jail in the big league fellas


1957: let’s rock, away from this place


Narrator: they rock themselves into a corner


PE: I gotchu now


AB: you look different bada


PE: I got a couple of edgy tattoos and a compton stain hat. 


Clichenie: Why do you want the Elmer Shell?


PE: Personal Reasons. Now hand it over or else.


AB: Or else Bada?


PE: I’ll imprison you.


Clichenie: I spent three eternities in a carnival booth. Give me all you got.


Narrator: PE pulls out some handcuffs and attacks Clichenie. Clichenie makes PE dizzy with mind magic. Announcer pulls out a megaphone and yells bidding numbers at PE. While he is stunned, Cashier pulls out a miniature giant slingshot and shoots PE right between the eyes.


PE: Oh… so you wanna play that way.
 
Narrator: PE pulls out a new gun of sorts.


AB: what’s that badabada?


PE: I call it my bye bye Boata Boata 


Clichenie: You don’t mean?


PE: Oh I mean.


Narrator: PE shoots Announcerboat with the gun and he slowly turns into a human again.


Announcer: What did you do to me?!?!?!?!


PE: Like I said, bye bye boaty.


Cashier: Ok let me guess, we give you the shell you give us the boat?

PE: Easy Peasy 


Clichenie: Never!


PE: Very well!


Narrator: PE pulls out a capture ray and traps all of them in cages.


Announcer: Let's us skedaddle!


PE: Nope, shell or prison.


Clichenie: I got this guys. I had one more thing in my back pocket.


Narrator: Clichenie pulls out a bottle of Chill juice. He freezes the bars of the cell. He then stops time, frees the others, and ties up PE.


Cashier: Thanks Clichenie. Now, PE, what do you want with the Elmer shell?


PE: That is private information. Only me and the boss can know… oops.


Announcer: Who is the boss?


PE: No way! Hitman said I couldn’t tell.


Clichenie: Ok, we know who your boss is, now tell us what he wants with the shell!


PE: Fine you scare me like calcium! Hitman sent an S.O.S. to the lounge about an adventure ago. We were supposed to beat Timmy, take the shell, capture Elmer, and use him as leverage to take down the rest of the lounge. Hitman realized Clichenie had the shell and told me to get it and meet him at College University.


Announcer: Well too bad that ain’t gonna happen. Now give me backa ma boat powers.


PE: Fine (returns powers)


AB: I feel betta!


PE: Hahahahahahaha! You are too late. Hitman is almost here! 


Clichenie: I still have the shell you idiot.


Hitman: No you don’t.


Narrator: Hitman throws a smoke bomb. As it clears, the failure family finds themselves captured again. This time Clichenie has his pockets emptied. 


Clichenie: Nooooooo!


Hitman: Cashier, give me a portal gun.


Cashier: You know, I wouldn’t normally, but you seem very handsome, so I am gonna give you it.
Hitman: Never send an Enforcer to do a Man’s job.


PE: We really got them now right boss?


Hitman: Get the car ready, we leave for College University in five minutes. 


PE: Yes sir. 


Clichenie: Guys he sounds serious… and mature!


Cashier: Wait(calls) Hitman! Why you need a car if you got a portal gun?


Hitman: Unfortunately, 1957 was an accomplice, so now he is forced to work for us. I'm setting the portal gun up to him.


19: I don't want to guys but I have to. They said they would pull the plug.


AB: You're a gas car!


19: That is code for they will kill me duh!


 Clichenie: Guys...pst.


All: What?


Clichenie: They didn't check my back pocket.

Narrator: Clichenie pulls out weird machine.


AB: What does it do?


Clichenie: Back in my carnival days, I made a way to trace my fortune receivers. I call it the ECM, Emergency Cliche Machine.


Narrator: Clichenie starts the machine and it buzzes. Meanwhile, on Cambry miles away.


Cambry: Guys, incoming portal transmission, looks like Clichenie is in trouble with the other guys.


Larry: That is the failure family to us!


Brian: Looks like it is time to spice it up!


Timmy: Can’t we just have one script where we are serious.


All: Let's roll!


Narrator: We now return to the failure family at College University. 


AB: Did the call go through?


Clichenie: Yeah they should be here soon.


AB: Whats a wrong a buddy boy. 


Cashier: I thought we could finally handle an adventure.


Clichenie: Save it for Brian he gives the inspirational speeches. 


Cashier: You're right. No time to sulk. Hey hitman! You're Ugly.


Hitman: Ouch!


AB: And ugly!


Hitman: Oucher!


Clichenie: Your mom abandoned you as a child didn’t she?


Hitman: MOMMY!


Brian: Did someone say rescue?


Larry: No, literally nobody said that!


Cambry: Timmy, grab the shell.


Timmy:(pulls out knife) Got it.


Narrator: Timmy shanks PE and retrieves the shell.


PE: My digestive system.


Hitman: I forgot the FATS song. Umm… If some is impaled near you, the FATS song tells you what to do. 


PE: Fill Artery Today Son!


Hitman: Oh right!


Narrator: They took to long and now they are both tied up and portaled off to a mysterious planet far away.


Larry: I told you we should have kept the shell.


Timmy: Yeah yeah, Mommy Brain my bad.


Cashier: Thanks guys.


AB: You guys are the bada best.


Brian: You kids get out of here while we attend College.


Timmy: I don’t wanna have to support my family and pay student loans.


Cambry: Let's roll.. To more knowledge.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 42: College Years.