

Narrator: It was some steak fries since their last adventure. The gang is gonna find out who bootganged the blueprints


PG: I’m prediction genie, and i’ll tell you who did it


Timmy: No. We gotta add lots of banter


Larry: hey, someone’s catching on


PG: fine, i’ll just tell you if you guys suk at being detectives


Sheriff brock: you guys got this under control i’m gonna get some donuts


Timmy: only one problem I don’t know how to detect nor do we know where the criminal is


PG: fine, your first clue is that the criminal is average height, average skin color and lives weast from here
Cambry: lets roll, with old fashioned horns


Narrator: they end up at some old tymey pub place, very similar to steak and juice fries


GG1: you think you’re better than us?


Timmy: yes we need to find some blueprints


GG2: understood. Unfortunately this fine establishment is color blind. However, i believe the establishment next door isn’t


GG1: you think you’re better than me


Narrator: the 2 gang guys fight and the loser lounge leaves and goes next door


NG1: hi welcome to super weenie hut old thymes


Timmy: okay okay can you help us retrieve a stolen item


NG2: he thinks he…


Timmy: WHY DOES EVERYONE SAY THAT


NG2: i was just gonna say he thinks he can solve a mystery on his own


NG1: by the way, we saw suspicious people take a blueprint go that way


PE: they’re onto us (runs out)


Larry: stop right there (throws hat)

Narrator: the hat touches PE and the door is blocked


PE: Dip you meddly kids


Brian: Put your hands up and hand over the blueprints


PE: Blueprints? All i have are some greenprints and some napkin stains


Timmy: let me see those greenprints


Larry: Wait a minute, these aren’t greenprints, its instructions on how to rebuild juice and steak fries. Useless


Timmy: wait!


Narrator: Larry throws them away


PE: Haha, you dips. Now me and my gang...


Timmy:*my gang and I


PE: anyways, we copied your blueprints and color coded them 


Timmy: that makes it easier for us


PE: you’re welcome


Brian: take him away


Larry: oh, btw where are your gang guys


PE: in the establishment next door
Larry: oh yeah


Cambry: lets roll


Narrator: they roll into the pub place and no one notices


Timmy: hey gang… guys


GG1: yeah if you’re gonna buy something, don’t buy the wings


GG2: run ya dip they’re after out assorted colored prints


Narrator: one very boring chase scene later


Timmy: you’re surrounded. Give us the blueprints


GG1: fine, but don’t tell anyone that we made slight modifications


Larry: what did you add


GG2: Well, I thought that the restroom placement was strange. Generally in restaurants you notice that restrooms are placed strategically based on where the food is cooked, where the bar is, or the front doors. Further more...


Brian: Thanks for the blueprints both of you go to jail for 10 seconds


GG1: you think you’re better...


Narrator: cambry and the rest of em leave before it gets worse


Brian: by golly that was hecc on adventure


Timmy: guys, i have a confession to make


Larry: you’re not a primary?


Timmy: No, i stole the blueprints and gave them to PE and his gang


Brian: why?


Timmy: i’m tired of plot-convenience scripts


Larry: And because we got the blueprints we made a script out of it


Timmy: yeah i didn’t think this through


Brian: its all good, just um next time remember to tell us when u steal something


Narrator: they arrive back at college, brian claps, the restaurant builds, they go back to the dorm, and get one second of sleep before bell rings


Larry: damage we got school again


Brian: We don’t  have to.


Cambry: Do it.


Narrator: Brian breathes softly onto Timmy and disappears.


Larry: He forgot to take us with him.


Timmy: Let's go eat until he gets back.


Narrator: Meanwhile, Brian wakes up in a Ginger Games Training Camp or GGTC for short.


Brian: I don’t remember reading to kill a mockingbird!


 To be continued in Carnival cliche 44: The Ginger Games