

Narrator: It has been five brian claps since their last adventure. Brian transported himself to a Ginger Games training camp.


Brian: Woah, better meet the locals.


Narrator: He walks up to two other gingers.


Jerry: Hey newbie.


Jimmy: Welcome to the Ginger Games!


Brian: Wait, Larry, timmy!


Jerry: No, ITS JERRY AND JIMMY.


Brian: Ok ok. What are we doing here?


Jimmy: We are forced to fight until only one ginger remains.


Brian: Like FORTNITE!


Jerry: Shut up!


Brian: Sorry. Where can I get some weapons?


Jimmy: go to the cashier.


Narrator: he runs to the cashier

Cashier: Hey brian!


Brian: Cashier you are stuck here too?


Cashier: No I work here on the weekends. Kids gotta eat. 


Jimmy: I don’t know how i feel about this i don’t want us to kill each other


Brian: SHUt UP! For the glory


Announcer: Hey bada starting in 5 minutes


Brian: quick, cashier, give me a golden scar, and a couple of chug jugs


Cashier: Sure thing 


Narrator Brian is ready to fight other unskilled gingers
 
Announcer: I heard some wussy say he didn’t want to ‘Kill’ his friends, so we’ll just do teams of 3


Jerry: yee
Announcer: Alright jingers, we’re gonna teleport you to a big field or something and have fun. What is this even testing any…. Oh, its just for entertainment? Just to keep it PG, everyone that gets hit squirts ketchup and no one really dies. Whoevers group wins moves on to stage 2. 


Brian: who else is here?


Jimmy: well, to the right we have some secondaries in the form of gingers and, uh oh, PE’s gang


Jerry: why does he always follow us?


PE: Shut up and buckle up


Secondaries: we’ve been waiting for a rematch, now we got it


Announcer: settle down. 3 2 juan


Narrator: And they’re off. Team Loser Gingers runs away from everyone right off the bat.


Jimmy: Let's head towards the trap shop.


Jerry: No, we have to get some camouflage


Brian: Why don’t we just camp in bushes?


Both: WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL OUR LIVES!


Narrrator: They camp in the same bush until only one other three person team remains.


Brian: Ok, we have to go now or never.
Jerry: NEVER, I'M making a frittata!

Jimmy: Ok, follow me.

Narrator: They all crouch walk with golden SCARS and a couple of chug jugs in their hands all the way to behind the group.


Jerry: On my mark. Three, two, one Fire!


Brian: Wait!


Narrator: Brian throws a boogie bomb and they all pass out.


Jimmy: How did that work?


Brian: you forgot the number one rule they never told us. You GROOVE YOU LOSE.


Announcer: Looks like team LOSER GINGER wins the first stage. Now to stage two.


Brian: What is stage two?


Announcer: Glad you asked little one. Welcome to AMERICAN GINJA WARRIOR!  In this round, you alone will complete an obstacle course. Only four of you will survive. First up is Brian Brock.


Narrator: Brian is in a tracksuit. 


Brian: Here we go.


Announcer: Mind If i get this one narrator?


Narrator: Sure


Announcer: Brian nails the salmon ladder and easily walks over the tumbling bridge. Brian looks like he is having trouble getting his legs off the ground but he prevails. The last step is the Dork Wall. He nails it considering he is 6ft tall. He hits the buzzer with a time of ten seconds.


Brian: Whew. Now I know why Larry is always out of breath.

Jimmy: Nice job.


Brian: Good luck guys. 

Jerry: Oh we already went.


Brian: I thought I was first.


Jimmy: Nope.


Brian: Ok who is our fourth?


Narrator: All of the sudden the sky goes black. A large thing heads towards them as it shakes the ground with every step. It finally comes into view and reveals the monster known as Ginger Enforcer.


Jimmy: Dang he is fat.


Jerry: Yeah shook the ground with every step seriously. Eat a protien bar or a carrot for once!


GE: I'll kill all of you


Brian: You aren’t the first enforcer that tried to kill me.

Announcer: As bad blood brews, we begin stage three. The free FOR ALL.


Brian: Good cause I have no money.


Announcer: No it means no teams.


All: Nooooo!


GE: Good, I had no friends to begin with.


Announcer: Only difference from round one is that if you die in the game, you lose subscribers in real life.


Brian: NOOOOOO!


Announcer: Now, CHOOSE YOUR WEAPON!


Jerry: I choose the ice blaster


Jimmy: i want an Iron Man suit.

GE: Give me African American Panther Suit!


Brian: I'll take the rope, foam, a prehistoric phone, and knife.


Announcer: That’s weird. A knife. Ladies and GE, start your Engines.


Narrator: They all jump from the war vehicle and land in different places. Brian lands at a hill with a single tree. He pulls out the phone and calls Clichenie.

Clichenie: What is up thy friend?


Brian: Hey, I'm kinda stuck in a hunger games situation.


Clichenie: Did you do what I told you to do?


Brian: Yeah I have the rope, prehistoric phone, foam, and knife.


Clichenie: Ok do this.


Narrator: They do their thing. Jimmy comes up on the hill and sees a man hanging by a rope from the tree.


Jimmy: Brian WHY!


Narrator: Brian Jumps out of a bush and stabs Jimmy.

Brian: In the next subscriber life dear friend.


Jimmy: In the next life. Take my iron man suit.


Brian: NOW I'M BRIAN MAN!


Jimmy: Jerry is at diabetes land.


Brian: I got this.


Narrator: He flies over to diabetes land. He sees Jerry drinking a sandwich.


Jerry: One more bite and I get infinite power.


Brian: Gotcha Boi!


Narrator: He shoots through the window but Jerry sets up an Ice wall to protect himself. Brian flies through the wall and into Jerry.


Brian: WHO RUN THE WORLD?

Jerry: WHITES.


Brian: In the next subscriber life dear friend.


Jerry: Meh Whatever. Take my ice ray.


Brian: Nah I have an Iron Man Suit.


Jerry: Fine. GE is over there.


Narrator: Brian walks into a field and sees GE crouching in the bushes. He runs up behind him and throws the knife at him and shoots it into him. 


Brian: What the hell?


Narrator: He walks up to dead GE and sees that it is in a AMERICAN PANTHER SUIT! GE jumps on top of Brian from behind.


GE: WAKANDA FOREVER!


Narrator: Right as he is about to slash Brian, Brian pulls out his backup knife and stabs him straight in the jest. 


GE: NOOOO! I'm gonna be a D- on Sohail Blade.


Brian: i liked you better as the narrator.


Announcer: AND IT LOOKS LIKE THE WINNER IS TURBO.. I MEAN BRIAN!


Jerry: You did it!


Brian: you guys aren’t mad


Jimmy: No, we agreed to make fake accounts and subscribe to each other.


Brian: Cool.


Jerry: You ever need your Ginga brothers, summon us by combing your hair with the Chill Pill.


Narrator: Brian rubs his hair and he returns to the lounge.


Larry: Hey you forgot to take us. 


Brian: i went to a ginger survival competition.


Larry: Thanks for leaving us here.


Timmy: guys, did you remember to put Tommy in his daily cryo nap?


Cambry: No, you're his mom!


Timmy: Everyone hop in now!


Brian: What happened?

Cambry: Where are we stopping?


Timmy: Now!


Narrator: They stop in front of rickety old building.


Cashier: Hey. Welcome to daycare land. Oh hey timms. He is in there and he is angry.


Timmy: NO NO NO NO!


Narrator: They run in and see elmer standing in front of some kid their age.


Elmer: Bad parenting I see.


Timmy: How do I fix it?


Elmer: live out a day with him and you should have him back in no time.


Larry: Will someone please explain what the cell is going on?!


Narrator: Elmer moves out of the way revealing the kid.


Tommy: Hey Dad and Uncles!


ALL: TOMMY IS A TEENAGER!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 45: Tommy Teenage Years