

Narrator: It has been three zits since their last adventure. Tommy missed a nap and is now a teenager for a day.

Tommy: What are you all staring at?


Timmy: Umm, hey sport.


Tommy: Dad what’s wrong?


Timmy: Well you see, daddy made a little mistake and missed your keeps you a baby nap. 


Tommy: Oh.


Larry: What are the rules Elmer?


Elmer: Each of you have to spend time with your Timmys kid. 


Timmy: I guess I can go first. Where you wanna go buddy?


Tommy: How about we go where you and mom decided to get divorced.


Timmy: Wait, even though you have been a teen for ten seconds for us YOU had to live through all that time.


Elmer: Fake memories in his head make him young or he’ll be dead.

Timmy: Ok sweetie, where did I divorce myself?


Tommy: The Jax in the Bax where Alex’s Brother works.


Timmy: Fine let's go there.


Narrator: They show up and Alex’s Brother attacks Timmy from behind.


AB: Hey what can I get a couple of old friends?

Tommy: Do you have any birthday specials?


AB: OH. A BIRTHDAY!!


Narrator: All the crew comes out.


All: HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HEY THAT RHYMES WITH A.J. HOPE THAT YOU ARE HAPPY ON YOUR SPECIAL DAY!

AB: You get this fuzzy hat!

Tommy: Thanks.


Timmy: So how you doing chief?


Tommy: Good, I just graduated from sophomore year. 180 days of torture.


Timmy: Wow, a scholar like your old man except better.


Tommy: Also, as a scholarship project, I created the 12 pack of abs.


Timmy: Wow, better than your pop’s 11 pack. Woah…


Tommy: Also, I do a really good convenience store manager impression. VAAT IS UUP GUUYS!


Timmy: (Whispers) Dang this kid is talented. (out loud) I'm proud of you son. Maybe you can show your pops a few moves.


Tommy: I’d love to next time I'm an adult.


Timmy: Oh yeah, which uncle do you wanna hang out with?


Tommy: Uncle Cambry can give me a ride to uncle Brian.


Cambry: WELL HOP ON IN JUNIOR WE GOT PLACES TO BE!


Tommy: Uncle Cambry, is it true you were once owned by PE?


Cambry: Yeah for like half a page.


Tommy: Did you really get trapped in a ramen bowl by Evil Uncle Hitman?


Cambry: Now that was fun.


Tommy: I don't believe that you were able to go through time and shrink.


Cambry: Ask anyone they’ll tell ya!


Tommy: Cool. Hey, what is my dad like?


Cambry: Depends, do you like logic and mediocre jokes?


Tommy: meh.


Cambry: There is your answer.


Narrator: They arrive in front of the amusement park and Brian is standing out front.

Brian: Hey kiddo ready to hang out with your uncle B?


Tommy: Sure.


Narrator: In ten seconds they have already been on every ride and eaten every junk food and played every carnival game.


Announcer: Wowa You won every prize!


Tommy: yeah i'm good.


Brian: Just like your uncle, a food fanatic.


Tommy: Hey Uncle B, can I ask you something?


Brian: Shoot son.


Tommy: When can I come on your guy’s adventures?


Brian: You do know you are the reason for like three of our adventures right?


Tommy: Oh yeah nevermind.


Brian: Which of your uncles have you not seen yet?


Tommy: Uncle Larry.


Brian: Have fun.


Narrator: Brian sends Tommy to Larry at their home they rarely go to.


Tommy: Woah its like that show on HGTV with the tiny houses


Larry: oh, uh yeah welcome to home junur


Tommy: What should we do


Larry: lets sleep in my backyard


Tommy: Great idea!


Narrator: They set up shop in the tent Larry keeps in the garage.


Larry: So, you enjoying teen angst?


Tommy: Meh. BLEQWUWU!


Larry: What just happened?


Tommy: Nothing.


Narrator: Larry notices a screw in the side of Tommy’s head. He isn’t bleeding but it is screwed in.


Larry: Tommy, do you like the law?


Tommy: Like it, I love it.


Larry: THE JIG IS UP ENFORCER!


Narrator: Tommy’s body falls apart revealing Parking Enforcer with baby Tommy in a bjorn.


PE: So close damn it!


Larry: What the hell? Why did you pretend to be a frickin Tom Hanks in BIG?


PE: I just wanted to be a member of the family.


Brian: We all have different last names dip!


Larry: How did you show… nevermind. We both know that is not the real reason.


PE: Fine, so I thought you would tell him about the future adventures you were planning so I could be prepared. Wait, where is Timmy?

Narrator: The skies begin to overcast with black clouds and dust. The ground grows drier and drier with every passing moment and the air is hot to the point your skin begins to shrivel. Good thing they are inside! Timmy falls through the Brian.


Timmy: DON'T EVER PRETEND TO BE MY SON AGAIN!


PE: Damn that mommy adrenaline is not to be messed with. 


Brian: Look, this has been a completely boring and useless waste of time, and that is coming from me!


Larry: Just give us the Tommy and get the heck out of our house.


PE: You haven't seen the last of me.


Narrator: He disappears.


Timmy: Ok I want to go to bed now.


Brian: Wuh oh!


Narrator: Looks like out of boredom, the COD GODS from the original scripts has transported all of them into dreamland.


Larry: What, a new cliche?


Cambry: Looks like we are going new school! Sharkboi and Lavagirl style!

To be continued in Carnival Cliche 46: Dream Thyme