

Narrator: It has been one horrible script since their last adventure. The loser lounge is now in dream land or even better, dreamville. 


Larry: Looks like a classic sharkboy and lavagirl scenario.


Brian: I have never seen that movie unlike every other normal person with a soul.


Timmy: Damn it Ginger now we have to wing it!


All: YAA


Narrator: They all go walking around. They pass a bunch of weird dream lands and get an idea.


Larry: I go an idea. We need to go into each other's dreams and solve them.


Elmer: You need to go… oh, carry on!


Brian: Solve what?


Timmy: Exactly.


AB: Who knows, maybe we have to fix something out of place, maybe we have to slay a nightmare, maybe we have to do some other third thing. Who knows? 


Cambry: How in the heck are you even here.


AB: I work here on the weekends, boats gotta eat!


Larry: Ok, who wants to have their privacy invaded first?!


Timmy: I guess I'll go first.

Narrator: Timmy thinks really hard and they are transported to a DMV.


Larry: Even your dreams are boring.


Brian: Everyone, look for something out of place.


Narrator: They walk into the DMV and see a bunch of people in line. 


Cashier: Welcome to the DMV may I take your order?

Narrator: They cut in line.


Larry: Hey dream cashier, anything out of the ordinary. 


Cashier: Just that one guy running the license picture booth. 


Narrator: They all turn to see Timmy with a mohawk and three piercings on his face.


DT: Welcome to the picture booth, ready to get LIT!


Timmy: I never thought I would make myself cringe.


DT: Step right up the fun is just begun.


Brian: Woah, Timmy used bad Grammar. 


Cambry: I kinda like this Timmy.


Larry: That doesn’t matter. According to the rules we have been making up, we can't leave until we do all of our dreams.


DT: Hey, it’s real life me! 


Timmy: Timothy Thompson Tucker Dream man! Stop having fun in a DMV!


DT: Make me old man! I'm the opposite of you which means…


Narrator: DT jumps into the air and does the splits and then enters a karate position.


DT: HUA!


Timmy: I guess you don't have my sick stabbing skills.


Narrator: Timmy pulls out his signature knife and stabs Dream Timmy straight in the funny bone.

Timmy: Say hi to Dippy Fresh for me!


DT: The opposites will return!


Brian: OOO Foreshadowing.


Larry: Alright looks like Brian is up next!


Brian: Nobody wants to ask Timmy if he is mentally ok with the fact he just killed himself?


Timmy: I'm fine let's go!!


Brian: Whatever you say chief.


Narrator: They walk to the left to the left. MMMMM They see a box to the left.


Larry: Why are you talking in Beyonce?


Narrator: You must not know bout me!


Brian: Whatever. There I am.


Narrator: Dream Brian comes out of the box with BROWN HAIR!


DB: Hey guys.


Brian: AAH THE HORROR!

Larry: SHAVE THY HEAD!

DB: No way, you guys gotta answer a few questions first.


Clichenie: How did I get here?


DB: Whatever, its time to play..

ALL: ONE FAMILY FEUD!


DB: Alright I'M ya host, Dream Brian let's meet our team. From east to west, this boi knows how to dance, Larry!


Larry: Happy to be here Steve I mean Brian!


DB: Next up, we’re brothers from other Lisa’s, the main Ginger himself, Brian Brock!


Brian: I'm gonna take that wig and shove it up your…


DB: Last but not least, he has a brain as hard as his abs, the logic man with the masta plan, the single parent with an eating disorder, Timmy.


Larry: Why did he get an extra intro line?


DB: I respect another single dad.

Timmy: That means a lot man!


DB: Alright let's get ready for the first round. Give me Brian give me Larry.


Larry: Ready.


Brian: Ready.


DB: Name something that…


Narrator: Brian shoots DB in the scalp, making the wig fly right off of him.


Brian: I miss a good old fashioned cliche!


DB: Woah, I'm bald.


Timmy: Thinning!


Brian: Keep the change you filthy animal.


DB: This whole adventure seems pointless, just wake the hell up. 


Larry: How?


DB: Dream Suicide Duh!


Narrator: Looks like they are cutting this adventure a little short.


Timmy: Yeah screw your rules Elmer.


Tommy: Yeah!


All: His probably not FIRST WORDS.


Tommy: L...Li


Timmy: What’s that boi?


Tommy: Line!


Cambry: Like a true extra, gets that from his uncles.


Timmy: Come child, we must commit morning sickness.


Narrator: They all walk into a pit of fire that they found coincidentally. They all shrivel upon impact with the molten tar. They never expected what happened next.


Larry: What?


Brian: The?


Timmy: Parents?


Cambry: Are?


Tommy: Here?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 47: Meat the Parents