
Narrator: An origin story for the ages. All our heroes have their heroes, the parents. While they aren’t often mentioned, our story would not be visible without said individuals. Still, they can be a pain. Here is our first encounter with them since we had begun our adventures.


All: Dads?


Dadrator: Boy will this get awkward. *dab*


Narrator: Dad you're embarrassing me!


Mike: Brian Mike Bivinetto, where have you been for a certain amount of time?


Brian: Told you he was real Larry!


Larry: Fine, you can punch me in the ribs.


Brian: yeah *punch*


Larry: Ow, dad why are you here?


Gary: The family business has been booming so I took three years off.


Timmy: What do you do for a living Mr. Ballen.


Gary: I run a company called “Two Waterfall Wonders”. We make pools and get paid serious bucks.


Brian: You didn't tell us your dad had money, you could have bailed us out of so many situations. 


Terry: Hello, son!


Timmy: Dang it my dad?


Tommy: Grandpa!


Terry: What the hell Timbo? I have a grandson! 


Timmy: Yeah his name is Tommy.


Terry: Like your grandpa!


Cambry: Good thing my human family doesn’t know I'm alive.


Richard: Son?


Cambry: Dammit, I made sure you couldn’t follow me, my tires leave no tracks.


Richard: He brought us here.


Elmer: hey guys


Cambry: Why did you bring these guys here?


Richard: These guys? I raise you from a pup and you go disappearing and its my fault?!


Clichenie: Nope, I turned your kid into a car. You're welcome.


Richard: i will see you in court.


Clichenie: I don't have a lawyer! 


TGC: I am the greater clichenie and I'll be your lawyer.


Clichenie: Oh fatherous one, why you find thyself and said time?


TGC: I have come to congratulate you on your quest to find a group of kids to run around for no reason.


Timmy: Wait, so when you left in the second adventure, IT WAS ALL A PLAN!

Clichenie: Yeah, it was supposed to end in Space but things conspired and here we are.


Larry: YOU'RE TELLING ME, THAT WE COULD HAVE BEEN AT HOME FOR THE PAST 30 SOME YEARS!


Clichenie: Yes.


Larry: Well darnabit.


Brian: Ok whatever, Elmer why are they here?


Elmer: You see, my parents died thirty eons ago in a fire. I thought this could be a Tommy teenage years sequel of sorts. Basically, we get to meet the people that brought you into this world. 


Brian: Too boring, one second.


Dadrator: Son, you can take this one.


Narrator: Thanks. Brian snaps his fingers and Elmer starts to talk.


Elmer: Nevermind, looks like you have to stop an illegal drug deal between Hitman and PE. And take your parents with you.


Narrator: Fine. Come on dad.


Dadrator: What will happen, will Michael finally love his child? Will Gary quit his job? Will I be a better narrator than my next of kin?


Narrator: HEY!


Dadrator: Nevermind.


Richard and Cambry: Let's roll!


Richard: Aww, you've been saying that since you were a little BOY!


Cambry: Shut up dad I'm a car now. This is not a PHASE!


Elmer: THEY TELEPORT TO THE SITE OF THE DEAL!

Brian: Fine we will leave.


Elmer: NO! I subject you to a DAD CAR RIDE!


All kids: NOOOOOO!


Narrator: We are all in a minivan that can seat three people.


All dads: How was school?


All kids: Good.

All dads: Good.


Narrator: Awkward silence…


Mike: You boys wanna hear an embarrassing story about Brian.


Larry: YES. I'll put in on my watch!


Mike: Brian used to be a hairspray model until he turned Ginger!


Brian: Dad that is not cool. I wish you were invisible.


Mike: I was… and will always be.


Gary: My turn. Guess what kind of poster Larry got for Christmas when he was six?


Larry: DON'T YOU DARE!


Gary: A JUSTICE BEAVER POSTER!


Brian: HAHAHAHA let's focus on that and not on my hairspray days.


Terry: (puffs out a smoke) Guess what Timmy used to do for fun.


Timmy: This is why I don't talk to you!


Tommy: What Grando?


Terry: Be SPONTANEOUS!


Larry: Timmy, being fun, now that’s embarrassing.


Richard: Guess what real boy Cambry did…


Cambry: SHUT THE HELL UP OLD MAN THIS IS WHY MOM LEFT YOU TWICE!


Richard: Sorry son.


Larry: #badparenting 


Narrator: We are here.


Dadrator: They park on the docks and sneak around the side.


Larry: Ok, two thugs guard the dealing room.


Brian: Let's listen in.


Narrator: He uses his big ear hat to hear them from afar.


T1: Guess who is better than me?


T2: Guess who is better than me?


Both: NOBODY!


Terry: We got this come on Jr.


Timmy: Fine!


Terry: Not you Tommy. Ready for your first blood Tommo?


Tommy: Yeah.


Terry: Than happy birthday.


Narrator: He hands him a knife.


Tommy: My name is on it.


Timmy: You aren’t serious. I didn’t kill till I was ten. He is ONLY 4!


Tommy: I will survive dad!


Narrator: Terry and Tommy make their way onto the roof behind the Thugs.


Terry: Ok Tommy, just a quick slice or stab to the throat or stomach will do the trick.


Tommy: Imma do you proud.

Narrator: He hugs them both and they die instantly


T1: You were better than us..*dead*


Timmy: I'm proud of you son.


Tommy: I like grandpa. 


Timmy: Let's talk about this later.


Terry: Can't you throw away a grudge?


Timmy: No.


Larry: What happened exactly?


All T’s: Shut UP


Brian: Shut up I hear someone.


PE: Come on show up.


Hitman: I'm here.


PE: Jesus you scared me.


Hitman: Ok how much you want?

PE: Fifty.


Hitman: Here you go… Wait who is that?


ME: Philip Leslie Enforcer you rapscallion!


PE: Momma 

All: OOOOOOOOOO


PE: Didn't mean to make you cry.

ME: Shut your face you ugly excuse for a son.


PE: Sorry Momma.


ME: Give him back those drugs.


PE: Here you go Hitman!


ME: Sweet old Hitman wait till your mom finds out about this!


Hitman: Gotta go!


Narrator: He disappears.


Timmy: Silly Uncle!


All: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!


PE: HAHA!


ME: *slaps* Not so fast MR. we are gonna have a talk with your dad.


PE: DDDDDD DAD!?


Narrator: As Momma drags PE away Elmer appears.


Elmer: Well done team.


Richard: We did it!


Cambry: I HATE YOU MORE WITH EACH PASSING DAY!


Richard: Jeepers kiddo.


Elmer: Ok, back to filling out rent papers.


All parents: AWWW, BYE KIDS!


All kids: YEAH WHATEVER!


Tommy: That was fun!


Timmy: Yes it was.


Larry: Hey who touched my head?


Timmy: Yeah me too!


Brian: GUYS UMM….


Narrator: They all get pulled back to college and are in front of a crowd of people.


Brian: Oh Elmerous one! Why are we here?


Elmer: Look for the one you desire.


Narrator: Brian looks through the crowd until his eyes settle on the girl of his dreams, Hitmanmaid. 


Larry: NNOOOO!


Timmy: You know what happens when one of us falls in love?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 48: Romcom Thyme!