
Narrator: WE ARE ALL DOOMED! ONE OF THE LOSERS HAS FALLEN IN LOBE! Brian seems to have put his feelings in front of adventure. Let's see what happens.


Larry: Brian, you aren't serious right?


Timmy: Yeah you saw here in like two scripts.


Tommy: You can do worse tho! 


Brian: You're right Tommy! I'm gonna go talk to her!


ALL: NOOOOOOOO!


Narrator: Brace yourselves audience, awkward is about to happen.


Brian: Hey, how am I? I MEAN HOW ARE YOU?


HM: Do I know you?

Brian: No, b b b but you could get to know me this friday at the movies.

HM: Sure it’s a date!


ALL: CRINGE!


Narrator: Correct, but Brian was on his way to a first date. This turns the rest of the gang into stereotypical friends to the protagonist.


Larry: Nooo, I'm wearing a sweater vest!


Brian: Guys I don't know how to talk to a woman! I'm not like you guys!

Timmy: Just Cliche and put an earpiece in your ear for us to talk to you.


Brian: Great.


Narrator: Let's speed this up. Brian drives Cambry to pick up HM.


Cambry: Knock em dead son.


Brian: Thanks dad!


Narrator: The doorstep.


Brian: DING DONG.


HM: Oh hey.


Brian: Hi.


Hitman: Honey who is there?


Brian: HITMAN IS YOUR DAD?!?!?!


HM: Yeah.


Larry: Ok say hi.


Brian: Hi.


Hitman: Brian I know that it is you.


Brian: PSST Timmy, permission to shank.

Timmy: NO THATS THE DAD OF THE CHICK YOU LIKE!


Brian: Fine….. Yo hitman let your daughter out so we can chill.


Hitman: sure thing juniors, can I get the lovely couple some beverages


Brian: nah I’ll just go into your pantry and raid later


Hitman: okay let me show you around the house


Brian: we’re HMs room


Hitman: well, she kinda just sleeps in the pool


Brian: you irresponsible piece of


Hitman: she’s an aquatic creature dimwit, she needs to live in water


Timmy: Brian something tells me this relationship won’t work out


Brian: shut up, narrator do something!


Narrator: HM now doesn’t require water 


Timmy: darn it


Larry: (whispers to Timmy) we need to find another way to drive them apart


Brian: okay nice tour of the stupid house. Now, let’s eat!


Hitman: hey kiddos I have a nice salad bowl for…


HM: I heard there’s a new pub in town. I think it’s called steak and juice fries


Brian: let’s go hun. Oh Larry and timmy, is it okay if we eat on our own


Timmy: okay


Narrator: cambry turns into lambo cambry and they roll to the pub


Larry: let’s follow them


Narrator: meanwhile at juice and steak fries 


Waiter: yes what would you guys like to order


Brian: the most expensive item on the menu plz


Waiter:the double goober chef steak fry juicy combo meal


Brian: yes, 2 of those please


Waiter: alright that will be $5200 thank you


Hitmanmaid: wanna split the bi…


Brian: NOOO! I’m paying


Narrator: meanwhile in the kitchen


Timmy: do you know what Brian ordered


Larry: being the dumb romantic ginger he is, probably the most expensive item on the menu


Timmy: okay want me to season his meal with deadly seasonings (laugh trak) 


Larry: no, season HM’s meal with deadly seasonings (laugh trak)


Brian: Alright waiter can you play us a jazzy song on that piano


Waiter: Sure, but i only know one song


Narrator: He hits a few keys and shouts “bOHEmIAAn RapsODY”


Brian: That was beautiful, have 5 goober dollars


Waiter: i need to find a better gig, anyway here’s your food


HM: Why this looks delicous (rubs food all over face)


Brian: fancy just the way my parents taught me


HM: *choking face*


Brian: are you having difficulty swallowing your food


HM: No, im just having difficulty swallowing my food


Brian: is anybody in here a doctor


Timmy: Dr. Dikembe mutombo abimbobadabatunde, reporting for duty


Narrator: Timmy does the timmy maneuver 


Timmy: dont die on me, dont, die on, me.... (slaps HM)


HM: Thank you doctor, you saved my life


Brian: Okay thanks doc, but go away, I know you’re just trying to steal her


Timmy: Thank you for patronism


Larry: ok, that didnt work


Timmy: how about we put something in her water


Larry: Flex seal will prevent her from breathing, perfect


Timmy: flex seal clear, because then she clearly won’t see it


Brian: Okay, that food was good, but you know what else is good

HM: what sweetie


Brian: These complimentary sprite cranberrys


Waiter: they’re not complementary, they’re out of stock so they cost extra


Larry waiter: Can i take your girlfriends sprite cranberry and refill it?


Brian: no


Narrator: Larry takes it anyways and fills it with flex seal clear


HM: thanks (chugs it instantly)


Brian: how do you feel


HM: like liquid rubber that even works underwater


Timmy: Dr dikembe mutumbo is back into the building. Okay, so we need to stick this pipe in your esophagus and suck up all the flex seal, otherwise you will become liquid rubber


HM: that doesn’t sound so bad


Timmy: unfortunately, you won’t work underwater


HM: AHhh, get it off, get it off


Timmy: Activating suction device


Narrator: timmy sucks up all her internal organs


HM: thanks doc


Brian: this restaurant is weird


Manager: Sorry sir what is your problem


Brian: i mean the food and drinks have already basically almost killed my girl


Manager: oh, yeah. So basically these 2 kids snuck in the kitchen and were poisoning your food


Brian: are they wearing a trench coat


Manager: yeah


Narrator: trench coat falls off


Timmy: darn leedle


Brian: why were you guys trying to poison my girl


Larry: i believe its the code bros before highly respected gardening equipment


Timmy: the point is, brian, you’re too young to date


Brian: You’ve already had a child!


Timmy: lets forget about that. We’re at least still in our 20’s maybe


Brian: NO! Ever since the day we met, i’ve had my eyes on you girl


HM: okay, so this is epic, but I have feelings for someone else


Brian: WHAT?


Narrator: aquaman swims in


Aquaman: lets go hun


Narrator: they teleport to some water


Brian: well guys, theres a lesson to be learned from this…


Timmy: Don’t rush love


Brian: no, if aquaman can have a movie… and find love, then anyone can

Larry: here we go again


Brian: Cambry, teleport me to them!


Cambry: How did I get here?


Narrator: They all arrive in a submarine and brian falls into it.


Brian: PERMISSION TO COME ABOARD!


Aquaman: Someone saw my movie early!


Brian: HM, you don't have to love me. All I know is I love you!


HM: Ok?


Brian: But you do have to love me because I'll kill you if you don't.


HM: You're right I love you Gingy!


Larry: *sniffles*


Timmy: Shush theyre gonna hear us.


Larry: Its just so beautiful! 


Cambry: You're right. WAAA!


Brian: Guys!


Larry: Shut up!


Aquaman: I'll kill you for taking my woman!


AB: Hey Aquaman!


Aquaman: Why hello maam!


All: Announcer Boat!


AB: Come with me for some sailing lessons.


Aquaman: PERMISSION TO COME ABOARD!


Larry: This is just gross.


Brian: let's leave before this gets PG13.


Narrator: They leave.


AB: Ok the coast is clear.


Aquaman: Good.


Narrator: They both take off masks showing that they are actually hitman and PE.


Hitman: MY DAUGHTER IS GOING OUT WITH A GINGER!


PE: If it makes you feel better my son is called PE’s son!


Hitman: We have to break them up. But it has to be perfectly timed. Let them get comfortable before we unleash hell.


Narrator: Meanwhile, back at the college.


HM: Ok I'll be at home. Call me for convenience.


Brian: Later Babe!


Larry: Well good job Brian, you earned a disposable character.


Timmy: Now what?


Elmer: Hey guys


Brian: Elmer why did you help me find love?


Elmer: Excellent question. You see…


Narrator: Elmer disappears and Holographic Hitman appears.


Hitman: Hello Losers.


Brian: Hey Pops.


Hitman: Shut up! I have Elmer hostage, good luck.


Timmy: Wait give us a clue.


Hitman: Buy some chicken its fingerlickin. Travel south to the waterfall’s mouth. Go down deep to the land of freeze.


Larry: KFC, Paradise falls, and Antarctica got it.


Hitman: Dammit. Hitman out!


Timmy: That last one didn't even rhyme.


Cambry: Let's Roll.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 49: Elmers in trouble.