

Narrator: Elmer seems to be in quite a pickle. After being kidnapped by Hitman, the loser lounge is now in charge of finding him.


Timmy: To KFC.


Brian: I don't belong there.


Larry: Why.


Brian: Opposite stereotypes.


Cambry: Shut Roll!


Narrator: They make it to the KFC and see the cashier.


Cashier: Hey guys.


Larry: Cashier, Elmer has been kidnapped.


Cashier: Oh yeah Hitman told me about this. 


Brian: You work for Hitman!


Cashier: Ever heard of a double agent! Anyway, he locked the safe with one of the three keys to save Elmer. Find the code somewhere on the menu to open it.


Timmy: Why wouldn’t he just keep the keys?


Cashier: Shut up and play the game!


Larry: Ok, numbers 1-14 are super tasty.


Timmy: What about number 15? 


Larry: The Arbyś hostage burger king?


Brian: AHBK is the code!


Hitman: Nope

Cambry: This code is probably just a series of lines that end up in the safe opening on its own.


SV: Password accepted. You have responded with “a series of lines that end up with the safe opening on its own.”


Larry: You some sort of secret genius?


Cambry: Noooo…


Brian: All that is in there is a piece of paper and a key.


Larry: The paper reads, “Going UP is going down”


Cambry: TO SOUTH AMERICA’S PARADISE FALLS!


Brian: How did you get that from that?


Cambry: We got the clue to go to paradise falls at the end of the last adventure. Also, after that we have to….


Larry: Shut up savor the moment.


Timmy: Everyone already knows. They read the last script.


Brian: Shut up let's roll.


Cambry: I'm too old for this sh…


Narrator: Three hours later they arrive in front of a chilean village and meet one of the commoners.


Ernesto: Hello, I'm ernesto, you may call me ernesto. 


Larry: Hey ernesto can you take us to paradise falls?


Ernesto: Sure, let's ernestgo!


Cambry: I like this guy.


Ernesto: Not too bad yourself possessed talking car.


Timmy: Umm…


Narrator: Let's leave that alone and begin the hike to paradise. 


Ernesto: (pulls pic out of pocket) Almost there Ellie.


All: Not sponsored by Pixar animation studio. Don't sue us!


Narrator: They make it to the falls and find James Corden.


JC: After 47 adventures I finally found you. Timmy!


Timmy: How did you get out the canyon in colorado and end up here?

Larry: The real question is how many people are going to remember James frickin Corden from the second frickin script?!


JC: Everyone. I have a late night talk show and acting career. Also I'm jacked under this suit and climbed out of that canyon with nothing but the clothes on my back.


Brian: Timmy shank him already.


JC: Not so fast. Hitman informed me you would be here and entrusted me with the second key.


Cambry: Why didn't you just put the key in the cage with Elmer? 


Larry: You need to stop hanging out with Timmy.


Timmy: Just give me the key before this gets *intensely stares* ugly.


JC: Only if, you give me a Brian talk.


Brian: What?


JC: I lack self esteem. All my friends are fake like my accent. Please, help me regain my confidence.


Larry: You're one script ahead of schedule but I guess we could double dip. Brian?


Brian: ahem… James sweetheart. Confidence is unnecessary for success. None of us have confidence but we continue to live and survive over and over and over again. Damn writers gotta quit at some point! Just man up and believe in the money you earn regardless of your confidence level.


JC: THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL! Take this key for it is dangerous to go alone.


Larry: Jesus Christ that isn’t even the line. 


Timmy: You ever think that whoever writes our adventures is too lazy to come up with new ideas so they use cliche ones like bootleg movies and overused memes.

Cambry: Shut UP! Where to next Jammie my boy?


JC: Somewhere Chilly for your Willy.


Larry: Antarctica got it.


Timmy: We already knew that.


Cambry: Let's roll!


Ernesto: Good luck my friends on your questo to save El Elmer!


Narrator: They drive down White Lane and make a left and enter Antarctica.


Cambry: Ok where could Elmer be?


Timmy: How about under that sign that says “Elmer and Hitman here with the third key”


Larry: How about under that sign that says “Elmer and Hitman here with the third key”!


Brian: Genius! Let's go!


 Narrator: They enter the tent and see Elmer hanging above a cage of cow sharks.


Elmer: Guys you made it. Quick untie me.

Timmy: Then you would just fall in the tank.


Elmer: Then figure something out I'm hanging in the sky!


Brian: Guys… I have a weird feeling so good.


Narrator: Brian falls flat on his forehead and reveals a blow dart in his back.


Hitman: I meant to hit Cambry dang it.


Larry: Hitman why do you do stuff like this?


Hitman: He is dating my daughter!


Timmy: NO WE CAN'T HAVE CONTINUITY!


Narrator: Timmy pulls out his signature knife and starts running at Hitman. Hitman jumps into the air and hits Timbo on a pressure point putting him to sleep. Cambry tries to run him over but is unsuccessful, for Hitman has popped his tires. Larry and Hitman remain.


Larry: You really have stepped up your game narrator.


Narrator: Larry gains three chesthairs.


Larry: You're going down homeboy!


Hitman: This is only the beginning. Peace deuce bro.


Narrator: Hitman disappears and everyone else is revived and transported to the og house.


Elmer: Thanks guys. You really save me there.


Timmy: Why did we need keys if you were just hanging by a rope?


Larry: Sometimes it is better to leave the questions to the memelords.


All: *laugh track*


Clichenie: Guys we are its new years eve and ten seconds are on the clock.


Cambry: Ten


Elmer: Nine


Tommy: Eight 


PE: Seven


AB: Six


Hitman: Five


Clichenie: Four


Timmy: Three


Brian: Two


Larry: One!


All: Happy New Year!


Narrator: Happy New Year from all your favorite cast members.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 50: Halfway There