
Narrator: It has been 10 asian minutes since their last adventure. They are now at the entrance of the pourtal leading to the location of Clichenie.


Cambry: Let’s Roll


Narrator: They roll. In the pourtal they see all the good times they have had.


Larry: Don't look at it, don't you do it, it’s already happened once.


Timmy: Damage, I made a lot of wrong faces.


Brian: Shut up and get to clichenie!


Narrator: They go to Clichenie.


Clichenie: Sup guys. Have you met my friend Brewster Jones?(hitman)


Larry: No.


Brian: Hi how are ya?


Timmy: You look familiar...


Hitman ghost: Oh yeah, remember we met at, uh, hooters.


Larry: Wait a minute…


Hitman ghost: Sike, it’s me da Hitman.


Clichenie: No, don’t send me back to space!


Hitman ghost: Shut up!


Narrator: Hitman pulls trigger while everyone just stands there.


Hitman ghost: Damage, I’m all out of space plasma juice stuff.


Larry: Aww, I hate when that happens!


Narrator: Timmy pulls out his handy-dandy shanker. Unfortunately, he misses the hitman and ends up shanking himself.


Brian: That’s a lotta damage.


Timmy: Not now Mom!


Larry: We need to go to the hospital!


Brian: Why?


Larry: They have a buy one get one free sale on Placebo!


Narrator: Timmy dies.


Brian: Darn, leedle.


Hitman ghost: Damage. I don’t have any space plasma juice stuff left, so I only have one other option. Dead and crusty memes, Still warm.


Timmy: Wait a minute, what happened to the Left Twix deal?


Larry: Nobody cares!


Narrator: During the 4 ½ asian seconds of talking, the hitman ghost loaded up his gun and was aiming it at Clichenie.


Clichenie: Don’t do this! I treated you like a roommate!


Hitman ghost: I have no roommate!


Narrator: Hitman ghost fires his dead meme juice, which misses Clichenie, bounces off Cambry’s mirror, bouncing off Larry’s shiny forehead, bouncing off Clichenie’s cranberry Sprite, travelling through Larry’s grand canyon, and hitting the hitman ghost.


Larry: Darn, leedle.


Cambry: Yay, we did it!


Timmy: Hopefully there’s no more people going after Clichenie so the producers can stop making damaging sequels.


Brian: You kidding? Damaging sequels make a lotta money.


Larry: Hey, should we take the hitman dude’s gun?


Timmy: Nah, what if his spirit haunts you forever?


Narrator: Larry takes the gun anyways.


Clichenie: So, you guys wanna play Wii Sports?


Brian: Yee. Do do do do do do do do do do do doooo…


Cambry: Let’s roll


Timmy: Hey guys, do you think our parents are worrying about us?

Larry: Quit worrying Timmy! We’ve only been gone for like 10 liters.


Brian: Wait, you guys have families?


Larry: Hey guys, how does this gun even work?


Brian: Judging by its curvature, I think you have to pull the trigger.


Larry: Sounds Troutastic!


Narrator: Larry fires the gun which hits Clichenie.


Everyone: TIMMY WHY’D YOU DO THAT?


Narrator: Clichenie disappears


Timmy: Where did he go?


Cambry: According to my calculations, he teleported to Pourtal Paradise.


Larry: The producers couldn’t think of a better name?


Brian: What’s Pourtal Paradise?


Cambry: It’s a place where there are many pourtals that lead to different dimensions. Surprised you don’t know what it is considering how many plot-convenience pourtals we’ve taken.


Timmy: Which pourtal is Clichenie in?


Cambry: My plot-convenient powers don’t stretch out that far.


Larry: Damage. So basically we have to do a montage of going through all the pourtals?


Brian: Sounds Troutastic, come on Timmy!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Narrator: The Loser Lounge teleport to Pourtal Paradise. They are confronted by 3 pourtals.


Timmy: Which should we go in first?


Larry: I am number one! (Spongebob)


Brian: I’m number two!(The Emoji Movie)


Timmy: My name’s Timme, and I take three! (The Lorax)


Narrator: The group then split offs. Also, Cambry is by himself, trying to find a 7/11 nearby. 


Cambry: Let’s roll. The closest 7/11 is… 21,045 asian indians away! Oh well… ON THE ROAD AGAIN!


Narrator: Meanwhile, Larry falls squidwards. He doesn’t know it yet, but he picked the worst dimenchion. The Ginger Dimechion.


Larry: Ahhh, they’re too… Gingery!


Narrator: Meanwhile, Brian falls sidewards. He picked the so-so dimension. The Meh Dimension.


Brian: I think I’m ready.


Narrator: Meh. Meanwhile, Timmy falls upwards. He picked the best dimension. The Baljeet Dimechion.


Cambry: Finally, I made it! Hey, this is the same 7/11 we went in last time!


Narrator: Meanwhile in the Ginger Dimechion, Larry is surrounded by pasty bois souls


Ginger boi: What are you doing here


Larry: I'm looking for a friend


GB: I can help. We will go to our supreme leader…. Kade Kadeson, the Gingeriest of all.


Larry: Ok, unrelated, but why are there so many souls here.


GB: Nobody has ever asked me that before. Well, gingers don't have souls so the souls they are supposed to have ended up here. Once every 25 spongebob episodes, one soul is chosen to become a living Ginger and Rule the Dimechion as King. We even hold a festival.


Larry: Let me guess. Due to plot, this year is one of those festivals?


GB: Yeah 


Larry: Do you all have designated Gingers that you are bonded with. 


GB: Yeah apparently I'm the soul of some ginger named Brian.


Larry: He is my friend.


GB: If I could come back with you I could rejoin his body and he would be gingeryer than Kade himself


Larry: Sounds Troutastic come on GB.


Narrator: Meanwhile, Brian is in Textopolis.


Brian: Mama always said, gotta be yurself, gotta pee yurself.


Eggplant Emoji: Hi I'm eggplant I'm the system supervisor here. I was the first Emoticon.


Brian: I'm looking for a thicc boi named Clichenie


EE: He might be in the loser lounge


Brian: Sounds Troutastic, come on EE!


Narrator: Meanwhile, Timmy is in the Baljeet Dimension, in the city of Destroyed Dreems.






Baljeet: I'm the great cod of destroyed dreems


Timmy: I need to find my friend Clichenie


Baljeet: I will take you to our leader Baljeet.


Timmy: I thought you were Baljeet


Baljeet: No I'm Baljeet Model #25522431. Everyone here is named after Baljeet. My model was the first used to introduce the time in Zambodia.


Timmy: Sounds Troutastic, come on Baljeet!


Narrator: We now travel to Cambry at the 7/11 looking for fuel


Cambry: So, you come here often?


Cashier: I work here.


Cambry: Are you the only one who works here?


Cashier: Yes.


Cambry: So who pays you?


Cashier: Damage.


Cambry: Do you have any plot convenient items for me to suc into fuel


Cashier: Sorry, that guy over there took the last one.
Cambry: Damage, I hate plot inconvenience.


Cashier: You can just take my fuel supply after these meanwhiles.


Narrator: We are back at the Ginger Dimechion.


GB: Here we are at the Kade Kingdom Kastle


Narrator: They walk inside. On the inside is none other than Kade Kadeson, leader of the ginger ghosts. He looked depressed because he was old and dying.


Kade: Sah dude.


Larry: You don't look very Gingery.


Kade: Did you come here to insult me?


Larry: No but before I ask the important stuff. What happens when you lose the power of king?


Kade: I turn back into a soul


Larry: Ok follow up question, do you know if Clichenie is here?


Kade: Nope.


Larry: Oh well.


Kade: Ok I will transport you back to Pourtal Paradise


Larry: Wait, I want to see who becomes the next king


Kade: OK


Narrator: Kade pulls out a pair of fuzzy dice with faces on them. He rolls the dice. He turns back into a ghost soul.


Kade: The new king is Ginger Boi. You have two options. Make your body come and live here or go join your body on its adventure.


GB: I'll do the second one.


Kade: Cool then the replacement king will be me again!


Narrator: He turns back into a King Gingeryer than ever.


Kade: Thank you I'm young again now get off Milan.


Narrator: The two beings then fly out of the kingdom. Meanwhile, Brian is with Eggplant going for the loser lounge.


Eggplant: Welcome, to the loser lounge, where all the dead memes that never get used hang out.


Brian:(to all) Is my Boi CLICHENIE here?


Narrator: Silence


Eggplant: Oh well, do you want me to send you back to your Pourtal Paradise.


Brian: Sure


Eggplant: Thank you come again!


Narrator: Brian is then shot back to Pourtal Paradise. Meanwhile, Baljeet and Timmy are going to the Supreme Leader Baljeet.


Baljeet: Here were are, now be careful, behind those doors are the loudest and most stereotypical indian songs.


Timmy: As cambry would say.. Let's Roll


Narrator: They walk inside and see none other than Baljeet Supreme, destroyer of dreems.


BS: (Accent) Hello, what brings you here 


Timmy: I'm looking for my friend Clichenie


BS: I can search the cosmos for him ( squints). He is in another portal.


Timmy: There were only three.


BS: A fourth has opened.


Timmy: Thank you.


BS: Timmy, do you have a car


Timmy: Kinda, I have a self driven Toyota Cambry 


BS: Well, for your bravery I will reward you with the portal Mix


Timmy: What is that


BS: It is a CD, but every track can take you to a different dimension.


Timmy: Sounds Perfect for Plot Convenience. Can we call it the Plot Convenience CD. The “PCCD”.


BS: Sure, I will now transport you back to pourtal paradise.


Narrator: Due to Extreme Plot Convenience, they all land in Pourtal Paradise at the same time, including Cambry:


Cambry: Did anyone find Clichenie.?

All: No


Timmy: But I was able to retrieve a “PCCD” (he explains)


Larry: Radical, I also retrieved something, Brian’s soul.


GB: You can always find me in him.


Narrator: The soul flies into Brian.


Brian: Wooohooo, I have human feelings now. I feel so myself.


Timmy: I'm glad but we will celebrate later. We have to enter the fourth pourtal, Baljeet Supreme told me Clichenie is there


Narrator: A pourtal then appears


Cambry: Let's Roll


Timmy: Hey, where is the parking enforcer?


To be continued Carnival Cliche 6: The fourth pourtal