


Narrator: It's been a long time coming but the losers have reached the checkpoint. Fifty Adventures. Honestly, to all the people watching or reading this, you have absolutely no life if you stuck with this for so long.
Anyway, the lounge is celebrating new years. You're in for a doozy.


Larry: Well guys, two years down and fifty adventures to go.


Brian: Not quite.


Larry: Huh?


Timmy: Yes, according to the archives we haven’t finished the 50th one yet.


Cambry: God darn it let's get it over with.


Tommy: Dad, I don't feel so nice.


Timmy: Shh Tommy we already did that script.


Larry: No look!


Narrator: Tommy begins to evaporate and Elmer appears.


Elmer: Happy New… Oh it’s that time of the month?


Timmy: Where to Elmo?


Elmer: NOT SPONSORED BY SESAME STREET. DON'T SUE US!


Larry: Ok, now tell us.


Elmer: You guys have to go somewhere you have already been. The clue is simple. 26.


Larry: Oh the bootleg dimencion.


Brian: Please tell me you didn't memorize the scripts by number?


Larry: You know you like it. Useless knowledge rules!


Timmy: Cambry, you still have that portal gun?


Cambry: Let me check…. Hit it Narrator!


Narrator: The portal gun has been stolen by Hitman because plot.


Brian: Mission Improbable 2: Fall trout.


Timmy: Nah I got this. Hubadahubada YEE YEE YEE 


Narrator: Timmy literally sprints down the street and hops into Hitman’s bedroom window. He finds hitman reading a book titled “How to Hitman” 

Hitman: Well well well, if it isn’t… 


Narrator: Timmy sees the portal gun mounted on the wall and runs at it. He grabs it and begins to exit the window.


Timmy: Later Hitmanator.


Narrator: He runs down the street back to the bro home and climbs through the window.


Timmy: Pow!


Brian: Since when did Hitman live down the street?


Larry: Don't think just do.


Cambry: Oh my god you did it.


Larry: What?


Cambry: The most obvious cliche. The seemingly meaningless piece of advice that becomes meaningful towards the end of the script!


Larry: Huh you're right.


Timmy: Well then, let's do!


Narrator: They hop into the portal and sail to the bootleg dimencion. They see trees of red, green roses too. 


Brian: Ok Timmy, if I remember correctly, you were the only person not affected by the bootleg. You pull us out if we go too far. Ok?


Timmy: Quit acting like I'm irresponsible.


Larry: Where is your kid?


Timmy: Not my fault it is prone to evaporate.


Cambry: Why is the water blue?


Brian and Larry: Gasp!


Timmy: What?


Larry: When the water turns blue…


Brian: They come to find you!


Narrator: The minecraft sun goes dark, all the Chungi flee from the fields and out of the trees comes three figures too pixely to recognze.


Larty: Hello Timmy.


Carby: I have the meats.


Baron: I'm a brunette!


Brian: AAAAH!


Timmy: What do you want rejects?


Larty: Our bootleg Timmy named Tarmac died a few years back due to partying too hard. 


Baron: We want you now!


Timmy: Is that why you took my kid?


Carby: I have the meats.


Tommy: Hey dad.


Timmy: Tommy it's past your bedtime.


Tommy: I'm like 6 now be quiet. Also these guys seem cool.


Larty: HAHAHAHA!


Larry: What?


Carby: Let's Hustle!


Narrator: Carby steals everyones legs or wheels and zooms back to Larty.


Timmy: Now what?

Narrator: A cloaked figure emerges and incapacitates each of the bootleggers one by one. Before Larty falls he says something.


Larty: Something


Narrator: The cloaked figure emerges as Baljeet.


Baljeet: Hello old friends.


Larry: Baljeet! Long time no see.


Narrator: He returns their legs to them.


Timmy: Whew I can talk again. 


Baljeet: They took your le… nevermind. I come bearing news.


Cambry: Lay it on us Baljeet.


Baljeet: My brother Abhijeet has been taken by this dimencion and the council of my dimencion refuses to act. I went rogue and am alone in my quest to save my brother. Will you join me in my quest to save him?


Timmy: Yeah sure we got nothing better to do.


Larry: Do you know where he is?


Baljeet: Before I abandoned my dimencion, my friend Buford told me he was being held in the fortress of Large Changus.


Brian: That is a three day walk. Unless we had… TIME CYCLES!


All: YEAH!


Narrator: Cambry summons the time cycles and they begin to move. *Take On Me by a-ha begins to play*


Timmy: We need more rad!

Larry: On it.


Narrator: Larry jumps off a fortnite ramp and does a triple 360 Dragonfly chop shop handspring.


Larry: Yeah!


Brian: I got this one.


Narrator: Brian simply says the word bro.


Cambry: Nice. 


All: TAKE MEEEE ONNNNN! 


Narrator: They jump in the future three days and are still in the same location.


Cambry: We forgot we can only move through time not space.


Timmy: Now what?!


Larry: Why don't we just portal gun?


All: OK!


Narrator: They portal the entire way to the chugtress.

Baljeet: I will go distract the guards while you guys sneak in.


Narrator: He goes through the front door and finds the two guards.


G1: The hip hop doc.


G2: Fuel


Baljeet: AAAHAHAAHAHAA!


Narrator: He slaps them both with his suspenders and reinforcements arrive. Meanwhile, the squad is approaching the cage of Abhijeet.


Abhijeet: Did my brother send you?


Brian: Yes. 


Abhijeet: Thanks. Will you let me go!


Larry: Bismillah no we will not let you go!


Abhijeet: Let me go!


Larry: Yeah Jk.


Narrator: They release Abhijeet from his cage and begin to exit when they are confronted by the LARGE CHANGUS.


LC: That was supposed to hold em alright!


Narrator: He is about to attack but is struck with a heart attack to to his massive size.


Larry: Someone didn’t mantener la salud!


Baljeet: Brother!


Abhijeet: You saved me with your pals.


Both: Please accept this growable and removable at will mustache.


Narrator: They all get fat staches!


All: Now that we’re men!


Baljeet: I will go home and tell my dimencion to enslave this one! Jojo OUT!


Narrator: Abhijeet and Baljeet disappear and the loser lounge is sitting in the empty fortress.

Larry: Aren't we forgetting something?


Timmy: Holy Crap my kid!


Brian: No we got him after our encounter with the rejects.

Timmy: No LOOOK!


Narrator: Tommy begins to evaporate.


Larry: We need to get him a bell or something?

Timmy: Elmer any clues?


Elmer: Turn to 93.1 


Cambry: Oh *turns on radio in him*


CS: I'm chet stevens. Yes I know it’s been awhile due to my recent lawsuit but I'm back with more info. Breaking News. A child by the name of Tommy is being held up on top of the Eiffel Tower. Go get him guys.


Brian: I've always wanted to go to france.


Cambry: Let's roll!


Narrator: They are driving down the country rooooad, away from hoooome, to the plaaaace, they don’t belooooong, In EUROPA, they are goiiiiing, yeaaaaaaah, yeaaaaaaaah.


Brian: I hate that song because plot!


Cambry: We are here!


Narrator: They go to the Trocadero and are facing the Eiffel Tower.


Timmy: The line to get in is too long.


Larry: I got this. 


Narrator: Larry throws them onto the Eiffel Tower with his mustache.


Brian: Who is that holding your kid?


Narrator: They look at him and see none other than Jacob Tran!


Jacob: Hey dude!


Timmy: Jacob what are you doing!


Jacob: All my secondary friends either moved or died. The key to reanimating secondaries is the blood of a primary dropping from the highest point in france!


Brian: That is oddly specific.


Larry: How much blood do you need?


Jacob: Three little birds worth.

Larry: i'll do it. 


Narrator: Larry runs to the edge. Coughs up three little birds injected with his blood and they fall to the ground.

Jacob: Thank you! I gotta go home and hang with my girlfriend who has dated all of my other friends!


Narrator: He jumps off the building and they are alone on top.


Timmy: Tommy so help me Elmer if you evaporate again!

Tommy: AAAAAAAALLEEEERRRRRGGGGGGIEIIIIIIIEEEEEEESSSS! 


Narrator: You guessed it. Evaporation.


Timmy: I should've gone for the head






Brian: oh well he had a good run


Timmy: no! We can undo this


Maybe we can just find another random time stone on the ground


Narrator: Larry looks at the ground, and finds one


Larry: found it guys


PE: found it guys


Larry: PE?


PE: yeah me and my douche gang need this


Brian: Why?

PE: they just ended the new years sale on fake police uniforms


Timmy: larry quick grab the time stone


Narrator: both pe and larry rush into it. PE sweats profusely and Larry narutoes to the stone and slides under PE


Larry: How do we activate


PE: exactly, i have my own infinity glove with magnetic things that will attract the non magnetic green pieces of plastic


Timmy: GET OFF!

Narrator: Timmy eats the stone and the losers transport to back when they were power rangers.


Larry: Wait, do we still have our morphers.


Elmer: Now you do! Here are your new morphers and you get to pick different colors and zords.


Zoros: Hello rangers. Foroz has captured the Tommy Boy and secured the payload. We have to stop him.


All: It’s morphin time!


Brian: Black Ranger Ready.


Timmy: Blue Ranger Ready.


Cambry: Range Rover Ready. 


Larry: Red Ranger Ready.


All: WE ARE READY!


Zoros: Now kick some bass!


Narrator: They go to the space needle where Tommy is in a cage surrounded by sharks in a tank surrounded by fire. 


Foroz: We meet again rangers!


Larry: Damn it why do they always resinigrate and disintegrate.


Foroz: So you want this cool kid huh?

Timmy: Yeah I went through two scripts of labor for this kid.


Foroz: Too late he is already the gray ranger!


Tommy: You will die!


Brian: Why did you put your sidekick in a shark tank?


Tommy: Training!


Narrator: Tommy lunges at Larry and knocks him out with knowledge and kicks Brian and Cambry in the salchicha. Timmy and Tommy are in a standoff.


Timmy: Come on son. Let the PE go!


Tommy: GET OFF!


Narrator: They collide and tear their suits. Tommy collapses.


Tommy: i'm not even seven.


Narrator: He does what you guessed. DISINTEGRATES.


Foroz: It happens to the best of us i guess.


Timmy: ELMER”S GLUE!


Elmer: Yeees?


Timmy: How can we track him down and stop him from jumping away again?


Elmer: Good news and bad news.


Larry: Good news first!


Elmer: There is a clock hand like trident that once held will give the person holding it control of time.


Cambry: Bad news?


Elmer: It is in the underwater kingdom of…


Brian: Atlantis where Aquaman and HitmanMaid live.


Larry: You guys break up or something.

Brian: Yeah, after her dad pretended to be the buff aquaman, she went looking for the real one. Also the only reason she stayed was I threatened her life if she left.


Timmy: Been there. 


Cambry: Let's roll underwater!


Narrator: They roll back to the ocean kingdom of Atlantis and are immediately confronted by Maidy and Aquaman.


HM: Hey, have you met my boyfriend.


Brian: *sniffles* Yeah.


Aquaman: I came aboard!


Larry: One time trident please.


HM: Only an atlantean by law can take the trident.


Brian: Done. Dating made me a honorary atlantean.


HM: Also you have to fight my boyfriend.


Aquaman: I'm gonna ground pound you.


Narrator: They both stand in front of each other and pounce. Aquaman almost hits brian before he is impaled by a whale.


Brian: Huh.


HM: Babe no!


Aquaman: I should've gone for the head.


Narrator: HE DEAD!


HM: Brian what the hell?


Brian: Don't look at me only aquaman can control sea animals.


Larry: Look out.


Narrator: Brian gets hit from behind by Aquaman who was faking it.


Aquaman: You should've just peed on it.


Brian: Ok let's end this.


Narrator: Brian ends this.


Aquaman: AAAAh what a series of unfortunate events! Take the trident you master of land and sea.


Brian: I'm just a soulja BOY with a dream.


CS: Chet Stevens here! Looks like the kidnapped boy people are calling Tommy the Tortured is now being held in a Jack in the Box. GO GO GO!


Narrator: The lounge transports to the Jack in the Box surrounded by police officers.

PE: Parking Enforcer reporting for doody!


Police: Go park in a handicap spot or something!


PE: Fine but you aren’t allowed in any other adventures cause you make me feel bad.


Police: We’ll see!


Narrator: The losers phase through the roof and see alex’s brother (AB) spoon feeding Tommy.


Timmy: Alex’s brother what are you doing?

AB: I'm feeding your eight year old son and the cops are waiting for him to teleport again.

Brian: Not gonna happen.


Narrator: Brian throws a ball right into Tommy’s face.


Tommy: Ah what the hell!


Larry: What was that?


Narrator: The ball returns to Brian’s hand and turns into the trident.


Brian: Would you have rather had him be impaled?

Timmy: No. Tommy you feel any better?


Tommy: Yeah but there is a problem.


Cambry: What?


Narrator: Tommy points outside and they all turn around to see a meteor heading straight towards Earth. 

Elmer: You guys are straight up cursed.


Narrator: Brian gets struck by lightning


Brian: Mother PG!#


Larry: Can you stop this Elmer?


Elmer: Only two people together can stop this with their epic minds.


Cambry: Who?


Elmer: The brothers old. The Great Clichenie and Buddha in a Jar.


Larry: Last time they were seen they showed up randomly in some script i don't remember.


Brian: I know where to find them.


Timmy: Where? 


Brian: Mount Everest. 


Cambry: Let's roll!


Narrator: They roll to the base camp of Everest and find Ernesto.


Ernesto: Hello Amigos. Yo soy gracioso.


Larry: Can you take us up the mountain in a cliche mountain climbing fashion?


Ernesto: Sure let's Ernestgo!


Cambry: Wow, what an overdone catchphrase. LET'S ROLL!


Narrator: They hike for a couple days and bond as a team until they reach the summit and see the two bros meditating. 


Clichenie: Oh hey guys.*eye roll XD*


BJ: Look who came crawling back.


Larry: Will you two please help us destroy the meteor?


BJ: Sure.


Clichenie: No.


Tommy: Why Grunkle Clichenie?


Clichenie: BECAUSE OF YOU!


Tommy: Huh?


Clichenie: They used to chase me you know! I was the prize at the end of the road! Then you pop out of Timmy and I'M obsolete!

Brian: Talk time! Look I know we haven't been bros for a while but it doesn't  mean you are not still our friend. We have been through soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much. Honestly, I'm pretty sure we are still chasing you but just forgot due to the lack of continuity and memory of the writers.


Sohail: I have short term memory loss.


Brian: But you should feel happy that we don't need to chase you because we keep in touch sort of. You gave us a purpose and you still do. This whole series of adventures is practically named after you. Obsolete is far from what you are. You are SOLETE. Now help us save the planet again.

Clichenie: Well said. Let's Cambry catchphrase. 


Cambry: Roll.


Timmy: No let's stay at the highest point of the world and stop it from here.

BJ: Oh yeah.

Narrator: BJ and Clichenie think really hard and the meteor begins to slow.

BJ: WE NEED MORE POWER!

Cambry: I got you!


Narrator: Cambry flies into the meteor and helps to push it back. 

Larry: ATTA BOY!


Narrator: They successfully save planet Earth


Larry: Ok see you guys later.


Clichenie: Yeah ok.


Tommy: Wait, look!

Timmy: I swear to god i'm gonna put you up for adoption.


Narrator: They turn around to see a sleigh flying through the sky that is hit by a meteor shard. It falls into a nearby forest.

Cambry:(Neglectfully) Let's roll.

Narrator: They travel to the forest and find a man in all red and white.

JC: HO HO HO!


Larry: JAMES CORDEN?

Timmy: Why are you dressed up like santa?

JC: I AM SANTA!


Brian: Woah that is a mind boggling fact. 


JC: I need you to help sleighbry!

Cambry: its not alive right?


JC: NO it is not!


Timmy: GEEZ CALM THE HELL DOWN!

Larry: Shhhh.


JC: To save my sleigh i need one thing.


Brian: Let me guess, a something stupid?


JC: I need a ounce of magic.


Timmy: Where do we get that?

ALL: GASP. MALBOI!

Cambry: Oh dang it i guess we need to go BACK TO PIG ACNE SCHOOL FOR MAGIC PEOPLE!


Narrator: They go back to PIG ACNE SCHOOL FOR MAGIC PEOPLE.


Gandorf: Welcome back.


Brian: Were you here last time?

Gandorf: Malboi is up in tower three.


Timmy: Thanks.


Narrator: They go into Malboi’s emo dorm.


Malboi: What do you lightweights want?


Larry: We want sum magic.


Malboi: Only if you bring me a sleigh belonging to James Corden.


Brian: Can it be broken?


Malboi: Sure.


Narrator: The losers huddle.


Larry: We can steal James Corden’s sleigh, get it repaired here, and then steal it back.


Brian: Heist Time!


Cambry: Alright we will get your sleigh.


Malboi: Ok you have ten days


Tommy: They can do it in 9.

Malboi: 8


Tommy: 7


Malboi: 6


Tommy: 5


Malboi: 4


Tommy: 1!


Malboi: You did a bang up job raising this one Timmy.


Timmy: He hasn't developed yet.


Narrator: They go back to the forest where james corden is having a talk show with forest animals.


JC: Alright give it up for our next guest…. MR. SQUIRREL!


Brian: Let's grab it while he isn't looking.


JC: LA LA LA NOT LOOKING!


Narrator: They are stealing the sleigh when a twig snaps.


JC: What was that? Someone found my nature playlist!


Narrator: Timmy shanks JC and he falls asleep.


Timmy: Let's get this to Malboi before he wakes up.

Brian: how is he gonna wake up you just shanked him. 


Timmy: They always come back. It is a baby knife. Getting stabbed with it puts you to sleep.


Larry: Why are we explaining this let's go!


Narrator: They run back to Pig Acne and find malboi teasing the little ones.

Malboi: I'm an important part of the plot you extras!

Larry: We got your sleigh. Fix it.

Malboi: Ok *fix* done


Brian: Thanks. Timmy NOW!

Narrator: Timmy pulls out his knife.


Timmy: Expecto Seresto.


Narrator: Malboi turns into a dog with no fleas. 

Cambry: Who is a good boi?


Malboi: I'M A TALK!


Narrator: They run out with the sleigh and return it to JC.


JC: I had the weirdest dream someone touched my nature playlist


Brian: FIXED NOW GO SAVE CHRISTMAS!


JC: Merry Copyright infringement!


Brian: Now what?


Timmy: Can we finally go to the next script?

Larry: You know we can't look!


Narrator: PE’s Son falls out of the sky

PES: Help!

Brian: I can't even remember if we already fit you into this adventure.


PES: Who cares! I'M DYING!


Larry: Nah i'm tired let's go home.


PES: YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS! I WILL RETURN!


Brian: Yeah yeah you know where to find us.

Narrator: After a long day they return home to break the fourth wall.


Larry: Hello Audience.

Brian: Thank you for joining us on our adventures.


Timmy: We have been through soooooooooooooooooo much.

Cambry: New faces have joined.


CS: And old faces returned.


Clichenie: We just wanted to thank all of you for enjoying our stupid STUPID adventures.


Larry: We hope you enjoy what is to come!

All: Thank you!


Narrator: No you're crying! Wait what is that?!


Larry: Guys?


Narrator: Larry begins to evaporate.


Brian: We had time for one heartfelt message!


Timmy: Where is the infinity thing?


Cambry: I don't know but now it aint stopping.


Narrator: They all begin to slowly evaporate.


Brian: This is something else. Something stronger than the infinity thing.


Timmy: What are we gonna do?


Larry: Timmy, put Tommy in a time chamber.


Timmy: I have no idea what that is but OK!


Narrator: Tommy is now in a time chamber where he is safe from the evaporation.


Cambry: Looks like Tommy will save us. Well, let's roll…. Into the beyond!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 51: Tommy’s Turn