

Narrator: It has been literally ten seconds since their last adventure and the loser lounge is BACK AT IT AGA…. never mind they've been kidnapped by an unknown enemy. Tommy was the only one of the lounge to be saved. He wakes from his time sleep in an apocalyptic neighborhood and is now 14 like the rest of the lounge. 


Tommy: Where am I!? What is that? *Picks up note* “Dear Tommy, how does it feel to be a teen!? You have to save us. We have been trapped for a long time since you went to sleep. You have to channel your powers you once had and find a way to save us. Good luck - your dysfunctional family.” 

Narrator: He hears a rustling in the bushes and out of them jumped a crazy mad man. 


Phil: YOU KILLED DAVE!


Tommy: Phil?


Phil: Tommy boy! Oh thank god I thought I was the only one left. 


Tommy: You don't look so swell. Here *Magic fixer powers*


Phil: So you still have the stuff.


Tommy: I don't recall.


Phil: You just fixed me with your powers!

Tommy: Oh. Do you know where I can find the rest of my powers?

Phil: They are in you d0ofus!


Tommy: Oh all we need now is some inconvenient plot.


Narrator: In the sky they see a flying announcerboat.


Phil: Oh yeah he was taken captive by PE. Also Elmer is up there.


Tommy: Phil I know what we’re gonna do today!


Narrator: I don't know how but they make it onto the boat and see PE and hitman partying.


PE: Party likes its 201999.


Tommy: Dang I've been asleep for a while.


Phil: Ok kid. You distract them while I go free Elmer.

Tommy: I wanna be the distraction!


Phil: and you will. You don't listen!


Narrator: Tommy emerges from the crates on the boat and is confronted by PE.


PE: Timmy?! H-how?


Tommy: I literally look nothing like my dad. 


PE: Tommy? What are you doing here?


Tommy: Stalling


PE: You're stalling?


Tommy: You think I'M stalling?


PE: Yeah you just told me you were.


Tommy: I was doing what?


PE: Stalling


Tommy: Stalling?


PE: Stalling.


Tommy: Stalling?


PE: Stalling!


Phil: Ok kid you're off the hook.


Tommy: Bye 


Narrator: Elmer hops out of the captains cabin and shoots them with wind. Everyone flies off except for Elmer, Phil, and Tommy.


AB: Oh thank god, you know how much early 2000’s hits they played. Good thing they can't read my poker face.


Tommy: Elmer, where are my dad and uncles?

Elmer: Oh that was sooooooooo long ago. They just evaporated with three quarters of the planet. 


Tommy: Do you know where they went?


Elmer: Legend says they were summoned to the dark realm where an evil waited for them. Nobody knows if they are even still alive.


Tommy: How do we get to this dark realm?

Elmer: A realm projector. Cashier has one but nobody has seen him in years. 

Tommy: I know where to find him. Announcer, boat away!


AB: Let's Bada!


Narrator: They roll to a destroyed neighborhood and see a single house standing perfectly fine. The floor mat says the Cashiers.


Phil: How did you know he lived here?

Tommy: I've heard all of my uncle’s stories. In one adventure they got spy stuff from Cashier’s basement shop.


Narrator: Ding Dong.


Cashier: I told you I ran out of ADVIL IN 2020! Oh, Tommy. What can I do you for? I do have one more ADVIL.

Tommy: I need a realm projector and fast. 

Cashier: Ok


Narrator: He speeds the get the projector and drops it, shattering to a thousand pieces due to plot and the fact he dropped it. 


Tommy: Crap, now what?


Phil: You really aren't bright are you? USE YOUR POWERS!

Tommy: I don't know what they are. 

Elmer: I do. When you were born, the great gods of cod gave you immense power. They gave you the power to, if you wanted to, become a god of cod. Do you understand?


Tommy: i'm a god?!


Elmer: Correct, more powerful than me, King Arby’s, and the cliche genie brothers combined! But don't think you're better than us.


Tommy: *Squints* Take us to the DARK REALM!


Phil: Who are you asking?

Tommy: Right, *closes eyes* DARK REALM!


Narrator: They all begin to teleport to the dark realm.


Tommy: Woah. Summon DAD!


Narrator: Timmy spirit appears


Timmy: Tommy, is that you?


Tommy: Yeah, you look old.


Timmy: it has been a long time son. Not everyone can be 14 in a time chamber for thousands of years. 


Tommy: What happened? 


Timmy: We had just finished our fiftieth adventure when we all evaporated and ended up here. The villain who kidnapped us was so cruel. He tried to kill us. We have kept him at bay by sealing him in a constant prison. He is starting to wake after thousands of years. HURRY!


Tommy: God you talk a lot. CANCEL CALL!


SV: Someone is about to be tonight’s big LOSER!


Phil: Who is there?

SV: Me SAL Vulcano!


Tommy: You work for the dark force at bay?


SV: Yeah. You're dead. 

Elmer: Is that a kitty?


SV: AAAAAAAH! I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU!

Narrator: He runs away due to his fear of cats.


Tommy: There is the lounge!


Narrator: The lounge is in a circle on top of a bubble about to burst.


Larry: Tommy! Oh thank god! Make us young quick.


Tommy: YOUNG QUICK!


Brian: Oh my gorgeous hair has returned.


Timmy: Ok, we have to let him go but as soon as we do, Tommy has to banish him to the 1950’s realm


Brian: Hilarious.


 Larry: Release your hold.


Narrator: The bubble bursts and the worst enemy appears.


PES: FREEEEEE!


Tommy: PE’s Son?!?! Why did you do this?


PES: I asked for help and you denied it. 


Tommy: So now i have to beat up a kid.


PES: You're one to talk.


Larry: Hurry up and end this kid


PE:  Son?


PES: How the hell are you even here dad?


PE: Plot convenience.


PES: I'm gonna do it.


PE: Do what?


Brian: Don't do it!


Cambry: WE don't even know what IT is!


PES: Here it comes!


Narrator: The earth shakes, sky darkens, bla bla bla. Sohail and Brian! Think of something original! The world is back to 2019.


Larry: Oh thank cod.


Tommy: Speaking of which. CHAINS!


PES: Let me go!


Tommy: Ok 


PES: You haven't seen the last of me. 


Timmy: You should've gone for the head.


Tommy: Its fine we are all good now. 


Brian: Yeah, now what?


Cambry: I don't know I mean this was kinda our last idea. 


Larry: To the writers room!


Narrator: They go to the writers room to talk some sense into the men behind the mask. 


Sohail: What the…


Brian B: I thought you locked that door?


Brian : This is confusing since we are both named brian.


Cambry: What is the matter with you guys? You are so outplayed and whats the word?


Both: CLICHE!


Timmy: Yeah, and what happend to those other writers, Ari and Juan and Jason. They were good.


Sohail: You're spoiling the one hundredth script. 


Cambry: yeah. Think of something original.


Brian B: You think it is soooo easy. I'd like to see you try.


Larry: Nah you guys are better than us.


Brian B: Yeah now beat it before we write you into an overused idea!


Tommy: Oh god no!


Narrator: They all leave.


Sohail: Crap brian where is the Idea page?


Brian B: We lost it ten scripts ago we’ve been freeloading!


Sohail: Wait, I got one!


Narrator: They loser lounge returns home.. Wati i just said that.


Larry: Brian, did you leave your shoes on the floor *laughtrack*


Brian: You got me *shrugs* oops *laughtrack*


Timmy: What the heck is this?


Larry: holy hell they did it.


Cambry: Did what?


Larry: The most cliche thing in the entire universe...


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 52: Sitcom Dayz