
Narrator: It has been one writer’s block since their last adventure. The gang needs to get to San Francisco to see the A-list.(alex list)


Larry: We need a plane. 


Brian: We can just fly on Air traffic Airlines. They pay You to fly with them.


Cambry: What about me?


Timmy: He stole your wheels.


Cambry: You ruin everything. Let's fly


Narrator: They all head to the airport but first must go through airport security. They all make it through the screening except larry.

TSA: Sir REMAIN CALM


Larry: I am.


TSA: You have been chosen at random for a full body screening.


Larry: I just have a laptop.


TSA: (into walkie) AGENTS WE HAVE A CODE RED ENEMY HOSTILE UAV.         


Larry: What?


Brian: He’s with me.


TSA: oh ok have a good day. 


Larry: That guy was racist with a hard r.


Cambry: Come on we are gonna miss the flight.


Narrator: They get to the gate and make it onto the plane.


Cambry: Ok i bought Foist class tickets.


Larry: We have no money how?


Cambry: No not FIRST class… FOIST Class the ex man movie.


Timmy: That movie came out like 15 years ago. 


Cambry: Don't rush my process!


Narrator: As they all sit in a row (nine seater) and see as parking enforcer escorts hitman onto the plane. 


PE: Yeah just gotta send this highly dangerous criminal on a public airline with nothing but a straightjacket on. 


Brian: BOOO give him pants!


Hitman: Yall better not drop any feathers or I'm finna break free from this straightjacket that requires a key. 


PE: Shut your face silly boy or i will treat you like human garbage.


Narrator: They all take their seats and the captains begin their speech.


Captain: I am the captain now and for the duration of the flight. Please put your phones on Airplane Wifi. 


KB: YO I HEARD THAT THE GOVERNMENT TAKES YOUR INFORMATION THROUGH THIS STUFF. LET'S IGNORE BASIC CONDUCT!


All: YAH!


Timmy: how the hell did king ba...WOOOOO!


Narrator: They all begin to take pictures that for some reason require constant internet connection.


Captain: The instruments are all messed up. You don't think….. No.. the AIRPLANE WIFI!


FA: Who are you talking to there is not co captain. 


Narrator: The captain gets shocked and dies and the flight attendant faints of fear. Meanwhile in the cabin…


Brian: I want snacks. 


Larry: The service will come around later.


Brian: I want them now!


Narrator: Brian goes into the back room and finds the pretzel drawer. The flight attendant walks up behind him.


Brian: Jackpot


FA: Sir please return to your seat or I will be forced to roast you.


Brian: Make me pretzel jockey!


FA: You look like undercooked and somehow slightly burnt pizza crust. You look like your dad runs a skincare attack agency. Your face is so red you look like the tomato fortnite skin. 


Brian: That last one hurt. 

FA: Wait…. I just fainted earlier….. Why again? Oh yeah.


Narrator: He falls on the floor and whispers something to brian before he falls asleep. 


FA: The pilot… go to the pilot…. Ginger sauce.


Brian: Ok?


Narrator: He returns to his seat with 421 pretzels. Meanwhile, Hitman goes to the bathroom and finds the flight attendant passed out. He also sees the FEATHER in his hair.


Hitman: Jackpot

Narrator: Brian returns


Brian: Guys the flight attendant just passed out and told me to go to the pilot. 


Cambry: And?


Brian: Well I sure as hell ain't going alone. 


Narrator: The whole squad goes to the cockpit and sees the pilot passed dead.

Larry: OH crab nuggets!


Timmy: What the hell was that remark?


Larry: I don't know, it has been a long flight. 


Timmy: NEVERMIND WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO!


Brian: Easy, all we have to do is get the flight attendant, wait for him to wake up, and make him pilot us to safety. 

Cambry: Ok I'll go get him. 


Narrator: Cambry leaves and comes back to see the guys taking photos with the body. 


Cambry: That isn't very logangster. 

Larry: Where is he?


Cambry: He has been TAKEN.


Brian: We already did that script. 


Cambry: For real he isn't there.


Narrator: Little did they know the Hitman kidnapped him. 


Timmy: Thanks narrator!


Larry: Where could they be?


Narrator: What they don't know is that they are in the luggage area beneath the plane.


Brian: Thanks again!


Narrator: Dammit. The narrator leaves to go to the minibar


Cambry: Aren't you a little old to drink?


Narrator: Aren't you a little young to die? THEY LEAVE TO THE STORAGE AREA!


Brian: Fine we will leave you alone.


Narrator: Inside the storage room they see Hitman eating cat food.


FA: NO DON'T FEED IT TO THAT DOG!

Hitman: BWAHAHAHA I'm going to give the world food poisoning. 


Brian:*Breaks down door* STOP RIGHT THE…… HOLY MOTHER OF JUAN THAT HURT!


Larry: The jig is up hitman.


Hitman: *stops dancing*


Timmy: Why are you being transported on a plane to San Fran?


Hitman: I have been banned from every other city, state, and country in existence. The bootleg dimencion even outlawed me.


Cambry: Well maybe you shouldn't have been a jerk for over fifty adventures.


Hitman: In hindsight I see that now. 


Larry: Let the flight attendant go Hitman.


Hitman: No.


Brian: Fine *punches him* OW MAMA JUAN THAT HURT


Hitman: My body is made purely of solid carbon and toothpaste. 


Timmy: Guys. We are passing over SAns francisco. WE HAVE TO JUMP.


Hitman: Wait you're not gonna try and stop me. I'm going to kill all the people on this flight. 


Larry: Honestly we don't care. I mean I saw an old lady taking selfies with a landline. They aren't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed. 


Hitman: Well ok. See ya guys. 


Cambry: LET'S ROLL

Narrator: They jump out of the plane and land on the golden gate bridge. 


Larry: How are we alive?


Cambry: I got a brand new shock absorber. 


Timmy: Ok now what?


Brian: We find the boyz save the crown and announcerboat. 

Cambry: Guys I left my compass in the plane. How are we gonna find the a-list? 


Larry: Easy, youtube tutorial.


Narrator: They search up “How to find someone in San francisco.” They click on the first video by electrozap219


219: hey guys its electrozap219, before we get this video started I just wanna give a shoutout to sweatcoin. Sweatcoin PAYS YOU to WALK. Anyway, if you're looking for someone in San Francisco, make sure to like and subscribe and join my google classroom. 
Brian: Damn clickbait. 


Timmy: Wait guys Look!


Narrator: On a billboard they see a billboard that says “Titanic Auditions: Looking for sexy boats”


Larry: ANNOUNCERBOAT SHOULD BE THERE!


Timmy: Where are the auditions?


Brian: It says in……the parking enforcer parking lot!


Cambry: We've never fought him on his own turf before.

Timmy: Actually when we went to Korea we found his hideout…


Larry: Shut up.


Narrator: They go to the parking lot where we see parking enforcer talking to his son.


PE: You are such a disgrace. YALE! For the past 56 generations of enforcers we have gone to traffic police school!

PES: Shut up dad. 


PE: So this is it? *sniffles* You're just gonna leave?


PES: Dad you LITERALLY run the parking lot at my college. 


PE: IMma miss ya kid. 


PES: Jesus Christo


PE: Wait don't we hate each other?


PES: Oh yeah…. I HOPE I NEVER SEE YOU AGAIN!


PE: Love ya kid


Narrator: PES walks into his school and PE pulls out a flask and takes a swig. The losers approach slowly.


Larry: Hey parky how ya holding up?

PE: Meh, kinda got the block 


Brian: The block?

PE: enforcers block


Timmy: Oh ok. We need to get into the auditions. It is a matter of utmost importance. 


PE: Sure Imma keep drinkin this saus. 


Narrator: They get inside and see announcerboat dressed up as the titanic.


AB: Dammit i thought you guys were afraid to fly.

Cambry: Litch we been to space!


A’B: Cut!


Phil: Oh hey guys. 


Larry: Phil! A’B! AB! THE GANG IS BACK TOGETHER AGAIN.


Dave: PHIL!


Phil: DAVE!

Narrator: They slow motion run towards each other and hi-5


Dave: Come home phil, let's play gun game for hours with a 10 gun setback.


Phil: I can't


Brian: Why did you guys even leave?


AB: Idk same reason as clichenie. Adventure seeking.


Cambry: Party is over everyone in the car.


A’B: You do realize we have convenient teleportation power. We can visit whenever. 


All losers: OH YEAH


Narrator: They all say goodbye and the losers head home but make one stop at electrozap219’s house.

219: LOSER LOUNGE


All: KID YOU'RE THE WORST


Narrator: They break his femurs and run home.


Larry: Home sweet home.


Narrator: They walk inside and a window shatters. A sniper is seen through the window. He slowly takes off a bandana covering his face.


Brian: Wait is that…?!


Narrator: The sniper is no other than brian himself. 


Brian: Holy heck young me!?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 54: The Cancer Men.