
Narrator: It has been a long day without you my friend. The losers have just found out about a brian look alike. They stand in the entryway of their house in awe. 


Brian: holy hell i have a stunt double. I didn't know we could afford things.


Larry: He looks like a younger you brian.


Timmy: the real question is why is he staring right back at us and not running off. 


Brian: he is me. He doesn't think straight away. 


Narrator: The sniper then realizes he is still there and runs away. Suddenly a flashbang goes off, knocking the entire squad unconscious. They wake up in a government facility. 


Jack: Hello. 


Cambry: What the roll? Where are we?


Jack: You guys have been being watched for the past 55 adventures.


Brian: 55?


Larry: Alt reality scripts and stuff.


Jack: Basically, this group called the american Cancer society has been watching you because y'all are the perfect cliche soldiers. And using their cloning tech… they made a replica brian. They call him B-2.


Brian: Holy Roman Empire that's crazy!


Cambry: Also quick question.. WHERE ARE WE AND WHO ARE YOU?!


Jack: Well I'm hurt. You're in Area 52, and I'm Jack Ace, your personal FBI agent. 


All: OOOO


Jack: Alright settle down. Your mission is to infiltrate the cancer society and destroy their cloning tech. 

Brian: What if i try to kill myself?


Jack: Remember, he is literally you. He sucks at everything. He was aiming for the president and ended up sniping your house. 


Cambry: Let's roll.


Jack: Wait. You need to get a command key to get in. I've hidden one in the honey catacombs. Go there and then head to the society. 


Cambry: ROLL NOW.


Narrator: They hop in cambry and drive up to the catacombs. Its max occupancy says 2.


Larry: Ok, Brian and Timmy, go down and get the thing.


Both: On it chief


Narrator: They go down and find B-2 standing over the dig site. 


B-2: Are you me?


Brian: You have it backwards kid.


B-2: Ok boomer. 


Narrator: Timmy picks up a gun and only uses the flashlight.  The two brians duke it out in the ultimate battle royale. They move at the speed of sound while Timmy does nothing. B-2 runs away through the sewer. 


B-2: This ain't over.


Narrator: Brian and Timmy leave the combs with the command key  and head back to cambry.


Brian: I'm getting too old for this shiz. 


Narrator: They drive to the cancer society where B-2 is speaking with Captain Cancer


CC: Hello son.  Let's get you patched up.


B-2: He moved like me, he swagged like me, it was like fighting a ghost.


CC: I know, that's why you have to kill him. 


B-2: Why does he look like me?


CC: Because he is you. Actually you are him.


B-2: Lemme get this straight. You made a person out of another person?


CC: Yes, your genes are pure cliche. We needed you to perform the tasks our brilliant black ops soldiers couldn't.


B-2: You tried to play GOD?!?!? That's wack yo. I'm out. 


Narrator: As B-2 approaches the exit, the losers show up.


Brian: I don't wanna fight. I just want people to know they can't play with fate. 


B-2: I hear ya brotha. Let me help. 


Narrator: The two go in alone and are immediately confronted by PE.


PE: I work ONE DAY at this place and OF COURSE you guys show up. Wait, two idiot gingers?


Narrator: They sneak past him while he is talking to himself. They stumble upon the genie machine….sorry wrong script….they stumble upon the cloning facility. 


B-2: It takes two to make a thing go right.


Brian: QUIT SPEAKIN IN TONGUES.


B-2: I mean it can only be destroyed by 2 perfectly timed floss dances. 


Brian: God this script has gone to hell.


Narrator: They are about to floss when B-2 gets flanked by a masked mercenary. They both struggle and fight but eventually the mercenary is defeated and unmasked to reveal that he is also a brian clone. Captain Cancer walks out. 


B-2: You said I was the only one. 


CC: I lied. Again. 


B-2: You used me like a weapon.


CC: No, he was a weapon, you were my son. 


Narrator: CC points a gun at B-2 but brian and B-2 floss to destroy the cloning tech things and brian kicks the gun out of his hand and kills CC but not before he says one last thing. 


CC: You fools. I have four hundred of you guys waiting in remote locations to be activated. 


B-2: You made cyborg clones of us??

CC: Yes…… and you will never find them……*dies*


Brian: Welp, alls well that ends well. 
B-2: Wait, you go on without me. I'm gonna find our brothers. 

Narrator: He walks away in dazzling CGI and waves goodbye. Brian walks outside.


Larry: How did it go?


Brian: Troutastic. Turns out i'm a father for 400 clone babies. 


Cambry: Ah been there aborted that. 


Timmy: Cambry that's awful!


Narrator: They drive home and sit on the couch. 


Timmy: *silence*


Brian: *silence*


All: *silence*


Larry: This is the part where something inconvenient makes us go on an adventure. 

Brian: Nothing is happening. 


Timmy: I think my heart is slowing down from its normal pace of 600 bpm. 


Cambry: Is this…………..relaxation???


All: NO WAY. 


Narrator: They all fall asleep for the first time in 50 some adventures. This creates an upset in the universe. The ground starts to shake. The wind begins to howl. The sky starts to turn black...oh wait it's night time. The spotlight changes from the losers to PE eating ice cream cone. Just the cone. 


PE: Eating this cone do do do do. 


Narrator: Suddenly clichenie appears. 


Clichenie: Hello old friend. 


PE: Well if it ain't the lawyer genie himself. What can I do ya for?


Clichenie: I need you to find hitman and save the world. 


PE: What the….?!?!?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 55: PE and Hitman