
Narrator: It's been one week since you looked at me. PE is confronted by Clichenie. 


Clichenie: Do you accept my terms?


PE: What terms? You kinda just walked in and told me to save the world. 


Clichenie: Ok, here is the dealio. The losers have taken a nap for the first time in forever. Their slumber has led to catastrophic crime and danger. I need you and hitman to take care of the world until they wake up. 


PE: Wait don't i hate them?


Clichenie: At this point I don't know anymore. But who cares. Now do you accept or not?


PE: I'll do it. Just to rub it in their friendly faces.


Clichenie: Ok, here is your mission. All the crime being done is under the control of one kingpin. His name is Augustus Malone. Hitman will help you once he hears that name. 


PE: Ok, but where is he exactly?

Clichenie: He on the coast of a tropical island enjoying his retirement. 

PE: Got it. Thanks Clichenie.


Clichenie: No problem,  person that tried to kidnap me in the past that I am telling to save the world. 
 
Narrator: PE hops onto his golf cart and drives to the tropical island of Old Guinea. He sees hitman smoking a cigar and reading a how to book called “How to be a retired hitman.”


Hitman: What are you doing here?


PE: You know those kids we hate?


Hitman: Yeah?

PE: They fell asleep so we gotta go clean up their mess. 


Hitman: I'm retired. Ain't gonna happen. 


PE: Clichenie told me we needed to take down some guy named Augustus Malone.


Hitman: (frightened) HE'S ALIVE!?!? OH NO. RUN KID. RUN AND NEVER COME BACK. 


PE: geez do you know him or something?


Hitman: *Flashback* It was my first day on the job. I was tasked with kidnapping the stepson of the president of czechoslovakia. Augustus was my partner. He was twice as awesome as me. We made a good team. When we found the stepson he offered us both a lot of money and power to let him go. I said no. Augustus said yes. I had to stop this act of treason so I locked them up in a federal hitman prison. I thought he died in prison but I guess he escaped. 


PE: Well let's go apprehend him.


Hitman: You don't get it. He is a master Hitman. I only locked him up because he was shocked I turned on him. Now, he must be practically unstoppable. 


PE: Yeah, but if we take him down, we can rub it in the losers’ faces. 


Hitman: Tempting, but it still doesn't seem worth it. 


PE: If you help me,  I'll give you the scope.


Hitman: YOU HAVE THE SCOPE?! You got a deal. Also I can finally end Augustus. 


PE: A dumb car would probably say LET'S ROLL right now but I say ROLL OUT.


Narrator: Hitman tells PE that the only chance of finding Augustus is by consulting Elmer. They find him on a horse farm. 


Elmer: Hello villainous duo. How can I help you?


Hitman: We need to know where to find Augustus Malone. 


Elmer: Oh yes. He goes by Nighthawk now. 


PE: *aside*Note to self, make dope codename.


Elmer: He is currently located at six FLAGS.


Hitman: Weird emphasis but ok. 


Narrator: They head off to Six FLAGS and see the park is closed but one ticket booth is open. And only one man could be inside. 


Both: Hello Cashier 


Cashier: Hello, would you like the annual, decennial, or centennial pass?


PE: Just the day pass please. 


Cashier:(pulls out gun) Did i say DAY PASS?


Hitman: You work for Nighthawk?


Cashier: I've never been confrontational so when I heard the losers fell asleep I became an evil to fit in. Go in and end him please. 


Narrator: They walk into the park and are charged 50 dollars a step. They find Augustus sitting at the entrance of the dreaded loopty loop roller coaster. 


Nighthawk: Hello, Hitman. Or should I call you by your real name?


Hitman: NO. NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES.


Nighthawk: Ok. I'll do you that service in return for killing you. Who is this man?

PE: Hi, my name is Parking Enforcer. Friends call me PE. 


Nighthawk: Huh, I've never killed an enforcer. 


PE: And it's gonna have to stay that way. 


Narrator: They charge at each other and Augustus knocks PE unconscious. 


Nighthawk: Just you and me Hitman. You should have killed me back in Czechoslovakia. 


HItman: I don't kill my friends. 


Nighthawk: We aren't friends. 


Narrator: They fight for a while before Hitman surprisingly pins Augustus to the floor. 


Nighthawk: If you kill me, you will adopt the slayer title. 


Narrator: In hitman culture, once you kill, you become a dishonor and earn the rank of slayer. It's actually a kind system. Someone who saves someone earns a higher rank and all that jazz. 


  Hitman: No, instead I will liberate you. 


Narrator: He presses against Nighthawk’s head and somehow pulls out the negative energy inside of him. 


Augustus: Hitman? You saved me.


Hitman: Of course, friend. 

Narrator: Elmer appears. 


Elmer: In the name of the high council of hitmen,  I dub thee Phoenix Rank. 


PE: I passed out, what happened?


Hitman: I sucked the bad out of Augustus and became Phoenix rank.


PE: That sounds wrong. But what I'm hearing is that you did the job. 


Hitman: Yep. Now we are friends again. 


Augustus: I'm going to escape before the hitman police find me. I'll see ya when I see ya. 


Narrator: He leaves and hitman and PE head back to the losers’ house where Clichenie is watching the boyz sleep. 


Clichenie: So you saved the world?


Both: Yep. 


Hitman: We made a pretty good team. 


PE: Even though we did practically nothing together. 


Clichenie: You know, I bet the guys would totally accept you as side characters instead of adversaries.


Both: Nah we good. 


Narrator: They fistbump and go back to their lives. 


Clichenie: Wait something is wrong.


Narrator: Above the heads of the losers is a floating black cloud with red lightning coming out of it. 


Clichenie: They’re stuck in a dream coma! Don't worry I'm coming guys.


Narrator: He goes to sleep and joins them in their dream prisons. He finds Larry standing in a cloudy field. 


Larry: Clichenie?! Oh thank god!! Its been so long since I've seen a familiar face. 


Clichenie: How long do you think it’s been?


Larry: I've been here for 12 years. 


Clichenie: It has only been one week outside. I think that you and the guys are all stuck in your worst nightmares. I guess yours is being alone. 


Larry: We have to help the other guys. 


Clichenie: Ok. Let's go. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 56: Nitemares