


Narrator: It’s been since their last adventure. Clichenie and Larry are in Larry’s worst nightmare, alone in a cloudy field. Clichenie is getting him up to speed. 


Larry: So hitman just became a better hitman but they both don't wanna be our friends?


Clichenie: Yep.


Larry: Ok, how do we get the guys and get out of here?


Clichenie: Well I can take us to one nightmare and then we have to find a new way to travel until I refuel. 


Larry: let's see….. Cambry! He can drive us to the other nightmares with the portal gun that is poorly explained. 


Clichenie: Sounds troutastic come on larry!


Narrator: They lock arms and teleport to Cambry’s childhood home. Inside they see Cambry before he turned into a car, talking to his dad Richard. 


Richard: Son, it’s time we have the talk.


Cambry: God I hate you dad. 


Larry: Cambry its me Larry from High school and college and life. 


Cambry: How did you guys get here?


Clichenie: You all fell asleep and entered your worst nightmares for some reason. 


Cambry: THAT'S WHY I'M STUCK WITH MY DAD SAYING “ITS TIME FOR THE TALK” EVERY FIVE FRICKIN MINUTES!” 


Larry: Yeah but we need to get the rest of the guys to get out of here. 


Richard: (bc voice) Well done Clichenie, but you won't win. These losers are MINE. *laugh*


Clichenie: We have to get out of here quickly!


Narrator: They run outside and realize Cambry is still in boy form. 


Larry: Cambry morph!


Cambry: this ain't like power rangering. 


Clichenie: I did it once I can do it again.

Narrator: He turns Cambry back into a car and faints. Larry carries Clichenie into the car and they start driving. 

Cambry: Where to?


Larry: Uh…. Let's go get Timmy. He might have some advice for us. Also you're worst nightmare is talking to your dad?


Cambry: No its being a boy child. 


Narrator: Cambry jumps to Timmy’s nightmare and they end up outside of a mall on the side of the moon and see Timmy running around with a tie around his head and baggy clothes.


Timmy: Wiggity waggity whats up dude bros?


Larry: WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH TIMMY?!


Timmy: *whispering* This is weird world. Nothing makes sense. There isn't any logic. NO LOGIC. I'M FREAKING OUT MAN.


Cambry: Come on we breaking out of this dream prison. 


BC: *voice from afar* Well done losers. But I still have brian, and he is in my most diabolical prison. 


Larry: Look mysterious voice, it’s past our wake up time. See ya. 


BC: *vfa* I can't make it that easy can I?


Narrator: The ground starts to shake and fall apart, dogs made of bones crawl out of the cracks, lava foaming from in between their jagged teeth.


Timmy: Nice description narrator.

Cambry: QUIT TALKING AND MOVE!


Narrator: They run to cambry and escape just barely. Clichenie wakes up as they travel through the dream space. 


Larry: Who is that guy Clichenie? Do you know him?


Clichenie: I know that voice. It is a dream demon that is related to a somewhat famous british night show host James Corden. They call him Bill Corden.


Timmy: oh like bill ciphe……. GASP


Clichenie: I think he is trying to keep you here. But once we get brian i can wake us all up and he will have no power over us.


Narrator: They arrive at Brian’s worst nightmare. It appears to be a replica of their high school. They see Brian sitting on the bench they used to play at. 


Brian: You guys escaped! Awesome. 


Timmy: What do you mean we still in the dream world. 


Brian: No bro, we said we would rendezvous at our high school when we escaped. 


Clichenie: Something isn't right.


Brian: Nothing is wrong Cambr ...Clichenie!


Cambry: Guys i'm getting scared. 


Brian: you won't find him. He is hidden somewhere painful.


Larry: Run!


Narrator: He kicks the decoy brian in the face, revealing a cyborg interface. 


Brian: You guys don't have a chance!


Narrator: They run for a while and manage to escape the cybrian for now. 


Clichenie: Ok now where would brian be kept prisoner?


Timmy: The one place we didn't enjoy. Science class. 


Narrator: They sneak past a group more Cybrians. They look through the window and see their Brian staring at a screen crying.


Cambry: Let's bust him out. 

Narrator: They break down the door and bash three cybrians. 


Brian: Guys! THANK THE COD GODS!


Larry: What did they make you watch? A video of your family dying?


Timmy: A video of us dying?


Cambry: Kitchen Nightmares?


Brian: Worse. Family guy funny compilation featuring Tyler “Ninja” Blevins!


All: *ewwww*


Narrator: They break brian free. They run to the basketball courts of their school and Clichenie begins to form a portal back to reality. 


Clichenie: Go,  I have to hold it!


BC: Not so fast.


Narrator: The portal collapses and a giant cage covers them out of nowhere. 


BC: You think I would actually let you escape? In my world, I can do anything. 


Clichenie: You aren't the only one with poorly explained mystical abilities. 


Narrator: Clichenie slaps all the losers and they start to glow. 

Clichenie: Now you all have the power to conjure whatever you can think of. 

BC: Impossible. Whatever, I'll still destroy you. 


Larry: Wait a second. Screw this. 


Narrator: Larry opens a portal back to reality and they all escape. 


BC: DAMMIT! YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE LAST OF ME!!


Narrator: They return to reality and are seriously disoriented. 


Brian: All in favor of never sleeping again?


All: Aye!


Clichenie: I'm so glad you guys are ok. Bill is no joke. If he came to our reality…..let's just say we would all be in a pickle. 


Larry: Now what?


Cambry: Last time we had downtime we got captured by a dream demon. 


Timmy: That was ten minutes ago. 


Cambry: I'm cars. 


Clichenie: OOO what if we went on vacation?

Larry: I'm down. 


Cambry: Sounds dank.


Brian: I could use a tan. SOUNDS TROUTASTIC COME ON TIMMY. 


Timmy: Ok. Sure. 


All: YAY VACATION TIME!


Narrator: They all pack their bags and head to the airport and get on a plane en route to Canada. 


Timmy: I'm so excited to embrace the culture of the canadians. 


Larry: They have an aquarium.


Brian: Canada is a place. 


Clichenie: Aight imma head out. Time to barely talk for a couple scripts. 

Narrator: He teleports away and the plane starts to rumble.


Brian: Are we landing?


Timmy: Wait what airline is this?


Cambry: Clichenie Airways. 

Larry: CRAP HE WAS FLYING THE PLANE.


Narrator: They look around and realize they are the only ones on board. 


Brian: WE GOING DOWN. 


Narrator: They crash land in the Boreal Forest. 


Malboi: hey everyone welcome to the aquatic factory


Brian: didn't we kill him like 27 scripts ago


Malboi: I don't think I even had 2 lines and then i just died.


Narrator: anyways, Malboi combusts and we go back to our regularly scheduled filler of being stuck in an unfortunate location and/or situation. 




To be continued in Carnival Cliche 57: The Boreal Forest