

Narrator: It has been one inflight beverage service since their last adventure. The squad is recovering from the shock of crash landing in the boreal forest. Their plane is in unable to fly but partially intact. 


Larry: Holy Hannah spelled backwards!


Timmy: Well malboi called this lake we landed by an “Aquatic factory?” for some reason. 


Brian: British people make up weird names for everything. Fish and Chips? JUST SAY BASS AND FRIES.


Cambry: Ok let's go home


Narrator: He tries to power up and sees he is bleeding car blood from his passenger door. 


Cambry: Ow I think I busted a cartery. 


Larry: A car artery?


Brian: Obviously Larry, try to keep up. 


Narrator: They look into the lake to see that their luggage survived the crash. 


Larry: I'll go swim and get it. 


Brian: No let me. I have hollow bones so I will skim across the water like a waterbug. 


Timmy: You shouldn't be proud of that but ok.


Narrator: He skips across the water and grabs their water damaged bags. 


Timmy: What did you guys bring?


Larry: Well we were supposed to go to Hawaii so I have two pairs of clothes and a crap ton of airplane snaccs.


Brian: I brought an insulated 80 foot tent and ten days worth of military rations. Also a fire starter kit, first aid kit, and a S.O.S beacon. 


Cambry: Why would you bring all of that to Hawaii?


Brian: This isn't hawaii?


Timmy: Well looks like we are gonna have a comfy time here. I brought smooth jazz and a laser pointer. 


Cambry: I didn't bring anything because I'm a car. Also I'm still bleeding. 
Brian: Let's get you patched up. 


Narrator: He uses the first aid kit on Cambry and he regains his strength. 


Cambry: My driving drive will take 3 days to recharge. 

Larry: Well at least we have food and shelter. 


Narrator: A lightning bolt strikes brian and all of his supplies, including the S.O.S beacon. 


Larry: Dammit Timmy!


Timmy: WHY IS THIS MY FAULT?!


Brian: Ow. 


Narrator: The first aid kit and the rest of their stuff survived. Night falls and they have fashioned a campfire to stay warm. 


Cambry: We’re gonna die out here. 


Larry: That's the spirit. 


Brian: Ok so we have airplane snacks, smooth jazz, and a laser pointer. Holy Heck we are gonna die. 


Timmy: Come on. Let's build a shelter and then tomorrow we will set up a game plan.


Narrator: They build a moderate sized rectangular shelter with a functioning door. 


Larry: Whew, How did we do that with our bare hands?


Brian: Who cares? Goodnight. 


All: Goodnight. 


Narrator: Day 1. 


Larry: Attention!


All: Yes sir. 


Larry: Todays gameplan. Brian, you will go find a clean water source. 


Brian: There is a lake behind us SIR.


Larry: Timmy, I want you to work on the S.O.S beacon. See if we can get it operational.


Timmy: Sure SIR!


Larry: Cambry, I need you to fortify our fort and heal quicker so we can get out of here. 


Cambry: Let's roll SIR.


Brian: What are you gonna do?


Larry: Imma go hunting for food. We are running low on airplane snaccs because someone (Looks at cambry) ate 45 percent of them. 


Cambry: I love me some tiny pretzels. 


Larry: Let's roll. 


Narrator: Brian, Timmy, and Cambry all stay at the base to do their minimal tasks while Larry goes out to hunt. He returns after two days with a turkey and some gravy. 


Larry: I did it guys!


Brian: Dude where have you been?


Larry: i've been hunting.


Timmy: Dude cambry has been healthy since yesterday. 


Larry: WHAT!?


Cambry: Yeah, i'm all better chaps. 


 Larry: Well i guess we can go home now. 


Brian: This adventure was kinda short bus. 


Narrator: They zoom on home and fall on the couch simultaneously. 


Larry: Now what?


Brian: Vacation?


All: NO TIMMY GOD!


Timmy: What did I do? Oh yeah I'm timmy and that is a crime. 


PE: Stop right there!


Larry: How did you get through our wide open front door?!

PE: You all have been found guilty of not finishing college. 

Brian: So we are going back to college?


PE: Not so fast. It appears as though the college has been struck by lightning. Looks like you gotta go to night school!

Cambry: I got Outkast on the radio. Let's roll.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 58: Nite School