

Narrator: It has been one electrozap219 upload since their last adventure. The losers have no choice but to get their G.E.Ds from nite school.


Timmy: Wait we finished highschool why do we need G.E.Ds 


Narrator: Timmy bruises his ankle. 

Timmy: OW not cool!

Larry: Come on guys we are gonna be late.


Narrator: They walk in and sit down. 


TR: Hey y'all! My name is Tiffany Radish and I'll be your night school professor. Let's meet and great. 


Larry: Hello I'm larry. 


All: Hi Larry.


Larry: i'm here to avoid possible jailtime. 


Losers: Same but with different names. 


TR: (turns on TV) And who are you?

Bobby: What up i'm bobby. 


Brian: YOU SEE. THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT. YOU SEE THE BROTHER HERE BUT HE AIN'T REALLY HERE. ITS ILLUMINATI and…..(looks around and sees others in disbelief) whew its hard being woke. 


Larry: Hitman we know its you. What's with the name change?


Bobby: No joke, my name is bobby. Hitman stole my face to commit crimes I'm serving time for. But hey, I'm chill. No qualms. 


Timmy: Ok bobby nice to meet you. 

PS: What seems to be happening here?


TR: Class, meet principal stew. 


PS: My job as a principal is to make sure you don't succeed. 


Larry: Wait. Stew? Stewie boy!?


PS: LARRY?!


Brian: You know this guy?


Larry: Yeah, before I met you guys I knew stew. He has three nipples and a crippling addiction to being annoying.


PS: I hate you and I know I'm bias but I will focus my destructive energy towards you and you alone. 


TR: Class dismissed. See y'all tomorrow. 

Narrator: They head home and see a sign on their house that says “Give me rent”


Timmy: Crap the landlord woke up from his coma!


Brian: We can't afford this house. 


Cambry: Looks like we are gonna get jobs!


Narrator: The following morning they head to eat lunch at the Catholic Chicken: Chicken from the lord. 


Cashier:  Its chicken from the lord. 


Larry: Agreed. Four chicky parms please.


Cashier: God I would give you some but my entire work staff quit just now for plot.


Brian: Can we work for you?


Cashier: why of course.


Timmy: How much do you pay?


Cashier: About 1 mole of rent a week.


Cambry: Sounds dope. 


Narrator: They all get in their chicken garb and get to cluckin. Night falls and they return to nite school.


TR: Ok today we cover math. Now who can tell me what the hypotenuse is?


Timmy: (whispering to guys) Why is the only thing we ever learn in math the frickin hypotenuse?!


TR: Timmy! Why don't you come up and solve the equation. 


Narrator: Timmy walks up and solves the equation with ease. 


TR: Well done mr tucker. 


Timmy: I have no idea where my son is. 


TR: Well that's all the math you need to know for real life. Now for advanced AP physics. 


Brian: WHAT THE HELL?


TR: Don't sass me boy! I will slap you so hard your dead grandpa will get chills!


Timmy: oh yeah guys remember chill? He kinda just sits around my neck as a chain. I completely forgot about him.


Larry: Now is not the time to discuss the many consistency issues in Carnival Cliche.


PS: (with bat) Wus poppin my brossefs?


Cambry: I thought you didn't like us.


PS: Oh i don't, I just have a disorder that makes me sound incredibly stereotypical and racist randomly. 


Brian: Really?

PS: Fo shizzle my nizzle!


Larry: What do you want stew?


PS: Nothing, just watching you guys fail to understand anything. Good luck on the midterm.


Timmy: its ok guys. We have three months till the midterm. We will be fine. 


Narrator: They continue to go to school and work for two months and 29 days. 


Larry: Holy crap the midterm is tomorrow!


Brian: I know we have zero idea what we are doing!


Cambry: I think we need to steal the midterm. 


Timmy: I can't believe I'm gonna say this but… I agree.


All: GASP

Cambry: Ok let's roll!


Narrator: They wait till three in the morning after nite school to sneak in. They are all wearing black camo except cambry who painted himself bright yellow. 


Larry: Why the hell did you not wear black!? 


Brian: You look like a taxi. 


Cambry: All my darks were in the wash. 


Bobby: (on phone somehow) You guys there?


Timmy: Yeah bobby. Now how do we steal?

Bobby: i don't know


Larry: What do you mean you don't know? What did you go to prison for?


Bobby: I built a target towel fort. 


Brian: SO YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT WE’RE DOING?!?!


Bobby: Nah fam. But it's most likely in Stew’s office. 


Narrator: They make it into stew’s office and timmy starts hacking away at the computer. 


Timmy: Give me three minutes.


Narrator: Brian on look out sees Stew approaching his office.


Brian: Who holds a PTA meeting at 3 in the morning?


Larry: Go out there and distract him. 


Brian: Ok. (walks out towards stew)

PS: Hello miss can i help you?


Brian: you said some good stuff in there. 


PS: I'm sorry what was your name again?


Brian: Mrs……...Johnstein?


PS: Apologies Mrs. Johnstein. What can I do for you?


Brian: You can tell me how? 


PS: How what?


Brian: I don't know.


PS: Ma’am I really must be going now. 


Brian: Baby it's cold outside. 


PS: yo back off ese.


Brian: Ok i didn't want to do this. (pulls out walnut) I want you to crack this walnut. 


PS: why?


Brian: DO it!

PS: i don't want to!


Brian: DO IT!


PS: (crying) no please I don't want to!


Larry: Guys he is losing it. 


Timmy: Done! Let's go.


Narrator: They walk out of the office and Brian sees them sneaking off.


Brian: GET OUTTA MY FACE WOMAN!


Narrator: he runs back to the group and stew stands in shock. 


Cambry: Let's roll!


PS: (over the loud speaker) Attention thieves! You are in a lockdown and will be apprehended playa!


Cambry: Crap I killed six guards for nothing. 


Bobby: Yo that’s messed up. 


Larry: Quick to the roof! We can jump to safety from the roof. 


Narrator: They make it to the roof and see it is much  higher than they thought due to plotcebo. 


Cambry: I can make it. 


Timmy: No cambry that has to be at least 4 feet!


Narrator: He jumps and falls and dislocates a tire. Brian barfs on his face. 


Brian: Sorry it was the little mac i had for lunch. 


Timmy: you forgot to hypotenuse it. 


Narrator: They all miraculously make it home and nobody figures out it was them. 


TR: (the day after the midterm) You cheated. All of you. 


Brian: No we didn't 


Bobby: Yo I ain't no snitch. 


Larry: Yeah! 


TR: Oh please! Cambry got a perfect score and he coughs up bootleg dvds sometimes. 


Cambry: Hey it's a medical condition. 


TR: Just get out. All of you. I'm done. 


All: No please we will do anything. (overlapping chatter)


Larry: it was my idea. 


All: Gasp


Larry: i take full responsibility.


TR: Very selfless. Now get out jack bass!


Larry: BUT I APOLOGIZED!


TR: Ok, you can stay if we play education fight. I will beat you in combat. If you win you can stay. If I win you leave forever. 


Narrator: They all teleport to a MMA hexagon. Larry is wearing a single knee pad.


Larry: I'm ready. 


TR: Ok let's get it. What’s the square root of 81?


Larry: Huh?

TR: He gets kicked in the face.


Narrator: Hey that's my line! 

TR: Finish the sentence… Solid, Liquid…..?

Larry: Uh gamma rays are used to cancer?

Narrator: He gets decked


TR: AGAIN


Larry: TRIANGLE?!


Narrator: Double decked


TR: Last chance.


Larry: GAS!


TR: Thats right. 


Narrator: They leave and smell something bad.


Larry: Ew whats that?

Cambry: Now thats a gas. Gasoline. Also i crapped my pants. 


Brian: Cambry you don't have pants. 


Cambry: Shut up timmy.


Narrator: They return to night school and finish the year with good grades. They are now graduating.


PS: Hello parents of the class of 1945. I'm principal stew BUT YOU CAN CALL ME P DAWG. Sorry, medical thing. I am proud to announce that the loser lounge has in fact finished high school. 


All: YAY!

Bobby: I'm bobby.


Narrator: They head home and see that they no longer have to pay rent because their landlord died. 


Timmy: Does this mean we own the house?


Brian: I think so. 


Larry: Woop woop. 


Narrator: They head inside and sit down. 


Cambry: Now what?


Timmy: Honestly we need a constant source of adventure like Clichenie or Tommy


Brian: well tommy is going through plastic surgery so thats off the menu. 


Larry: What about Clichenie?


Cambry: i'm not sure. 


Narrator: They receive a call on the house phone from one clichenie last name. They all smile aggressively. Larry picks it up.


Larry: Hello?


Clichenie: Oh hey larry whats poppin?


Larry: Nothing we just finished night school. 


Clichenie: Cool cool. Listen can you help me out? I'm in a bit of a jam. 


Larry: Sure what's up?


Clichenie: Yeah, Ummm. So I got kidnapped by Hitman again. 


Larry: Dang it. Where are you?


Clichenie: Somewhere beyond the sea. Not really sure. All I remember was driving past a tower at a 85 degree angle. 


Larry: Were there people eating pasta and taking photos? 


Clichenie: yep. I'm at the top of that tower and its really pretty.

Hitman: *snatches phone*Come and get him losers


Narrator: Hitman hangs up


Larry: Guys pack your bags


Cambry: Disneyland?


Larry: No


Brian: Jack in the bell?


Larry: Nah


Timmy: ostrich taming?


Larry: We going to Italy!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 59: mamma mia