
Narrator: It has been one clone hero karaoke night since their last adventure. The loser lounge is now on their way to Italy via boat...announcer boat


AB: Hey bada bada thank ya fa swimmin AB boatways. We will be approaching Rome in approximately now. 


Narrator: They dock and get off. 


AB: Have a good one fellas.


Brian: Clichenie said he was in Pisa. 


AB: yeah?


Timmy: That's 164 miles away. 


AB: Gotta blast bada bada


Narrator: AB leaves them stranded in Rome 


Cambry: Now what?


Timmy: How bout you teleport us to Pisa. 


Cambry: Nah i don't wanna because plot.


Larry: I guess we are just gonna have to hitchhike. 


Narrator: They begin walking the road to pisa and see a very small and old italian car pull up. 


JP: *french guy sounds and accent* Hello my friends. Can I assist any of you on this fine day?


Brian: Dude you sound french. 


JP: Si. soy lost. I have family is Pisa so I am heading there. 

Cambry: Think you can give us a lift?


JP: Why of course! Except le car will have to be strapped to le top of my car. 


Larry: up and over Cambry


Cambry: I am cars. 


Narrator: They all scramble into the car (brian scrambles) and drive to pisa. They get dropped off outside of the Eifel Tower. 


Brian: What the frick this is France. 


JP: *french sounds* sorry. I made a left turn a few miles back. But don't worry I have a solution. 


Narrator: He pulls out a nintendo swich with minecraft on it. 

JP: I will teleport you to le leaning tower of pisa. Au Revoir


Narrator: They end up in front of the pisa tower. 


Timmy: ok now where is Clichenie?


Larry: he said that he was at the top of the tower so let's roll. 


Narrator: They head to the top of the tower. They are steps away before running into the parking enforcer. 


PE: Stop right halt. 


Larry: Dammit PE what now? 


PE: I woke up on the wrong side of the toll booth. Aka Italy. Only workers are allowed up here. 


Timmy: I regret nothing.


Narrator: he stabs PE. PE falls over and crawls off the building. He then grabs onto an eagle and flys away. 

Cambry: Can we just grab Clichenie and go home please? Law and Order SUV drops in an hour. 


Narrator: They walk to the top of the building and Clichenie is not there. 


Brian: Well G dang it where in the big hill sloppy is he?


Narrator: Larry gets another call from Clichenie. 


Clichenie: Hey Larry hows it going?


Larry: Dude where are you? We made it to pisa and you aren't here. 


Clichenie: Sorry i meant to be more specific. I'm in Rome now. 


Larry: How is that more specific?

Clichenie: Let me finish. I was in pisa. Now i'm in rome. 


Larry: ok we will be there soon. 

Clichenie: Wait don't hang up!


Larry: what else?

Clichenie: To be more specific i'm in ancient rome. Specifically 70 A.D


Larry: holy hell where did Hitman get a time machine. 

Hitman: None of your business. 


Larry: See you soon hitman. 

Narrator: he hangs up the phone.


Larry: Cambry rev up those fryers. 


Cambry: why?


Larry: We are going to get Clichenie. 


Timmy: Where?


Larry: I think you mean….when!


Cambry: Let's roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 60: Out of Thyme