
Narrator: It’s been 10 bad jokes since their last adventure. The Loser Lounge is ready to roll into The Fourth Pourtal.


Timmy: You are treating like it’s a city because of the capital letters.


Narrator: No, the place you’re going to is actually called The Fourth Pourtal.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Narrator: They roll.


Brian: Woah what is this place.


Narrator: They found out that The Fourth Pourtal led to none other than… the 7/11 in space.


Larry: That’s it?


Narrator: They walk inside to the cash register.


Clichenie: Hi welcome to 7/11.


Timmy: Clichenie you’re here.


Clichenie: I don't have much thyme.


Brian: Why?


Clichenie: Plot?


Narrator: For plot inconvenience, Cambry throws up a DVD from the second film which bounces of the slurpee machine landing in a vat of lard. The lard splashes out of the vat and ruining his slicked back Gavin Hair revealing a hidden copy of the original Script/plot convenience ideas. 


Timmy: I have a lot of questions right now.


Clichenie: YUR TAKING UP 2 MUCH OF MY BRAIN SPACE. LET’S KEEP THE CHIT CHAT TO A MINIMUM.


Narrator: They hear the doorbell ring as the Special Hitman In Turkey Ghost waddles in.


Ghost: Alluh to the snack bar!


Narrator: The hitman ghost steals the original script and plot convenience ideas, but not before shanking everyone in the room, including me.


Larry: GET HIM!


Narrator: The hitman ghost runs off and trips on a wet floor sign.


Ghost: No! I’m being damaged! I’m gonna die in about 2 gallons, but my master plan is only getting started.


Narrator: Special Hitman In Turkey Ghost dies.


Timmy: NO!


Brian: Why you mad bro?


Timmy: He was my dad!


Everyone: Nobody cares! Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy!


Parking enforcer: Stop right there! I’m following someone’s master plan!


Ghost: See, told ya!(dies)


Parking enforcer: This whole journey I was following you everywhere! I was eggplant, ginger boi, cashier and guess who else! The narrator! I got you where I want you, now I’m gonna eat ya!


Larry: Damage, what will we do now?


Brian: We are gonna do the only thing we can do. Stop, Drop, and find our Super Swamp!


Narrator: Brian pulls out a bootleg copy of Shrek 6: Where’s my Super Swamp? He throws it at the enforcer which he catches in his mouth. 


PE: NO! I finally caught you guys. Before I go back to my cave to regenerate there is something you need to know. My real name is Parking Enforcer… JR!


Narrator: He then shrivels up and dies.


Cashier: Hey, since you all got shanked, you want some slurpee to heal yourselves.


Narrator: They slurp .


Larry: It looks like there are no inconveniencing plot twists left.


Narrator: As if the great elmer himself heard him, Brian is struck by lightning. As if things couldn't get any worse, the cashier rips of his .comica revealing he is the Special Hitman in Turkey’s Ghost. 


Hitman: Ha Ha.


Brian: Wait, a sec. If you’re the hitman, then who was the other guy.


Hitman: Some guy I hired off of Care.com. His name was Brewster Jones.


Narrator: He uses the power of plot to zap Clichenie back in time. As the Hitman escapes he succs Brians soul out of his body again.


Hitman: See you…. EARLIER.


Larry: Quickly, Cambry can you time travel?


Cambry: Of course.


Timmy: Let’s Roll


Everyone: Shut up Timmy!


Cambry: Lets Roll… through time!


Brian: Hey this adventure was kinda short.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 7: Lost in Thyme