
Narrator: It has been 10 fives since their last adventure. The loser lounge is prepping to go back in thyme. 


Cambry: ok, remember, thyme travel is wacky. Anything can happen. We go in, grab Clichenie, and get out. 


Timmy: You know very well that won't happen. 


Cambry: Oh btw my time machine broke. 


Larry: I told you to cool it on the bean paste burritos!


Brian: Let's head to the cashier. Maybe he has some cambry parts.


Narrator: They roll to the nearest 7 11 and find the cashier playing chess against himself. 

Cashier: What can I do for you loser?


Larry: We need Cambry parts. Do you have a spare processor?


Cashier: why yes. But you can only earn it through ritual combat. AKA chess.


Brian: I got this. 


Narrator: After four hours of intense Chess Brian wins


Brian: Checkmate Ginga. 


Cashier: very well. Take the processor.


Narrator: They slap that baby on with the might of zeus.
 
Cambry: Next stop. Ancient Roma. 


Narrator: They all pile in and head back in time. They arrive outside of a shop called 6 10.


Larry: Ok now Clichenie would be somewhere very Cliche. 


Brian: Let's ask the worker inside if anything is happening in Rome today. 


Narrator: They walk inside to see cashier standing there. 


Timmy: What the fish? Cashier what are you doing here?


Cashier: Oh hey guys. Yeah any store in the world and i'm there. Cashier at your service.


Larry: Ok? Is anything extravagant happening in Rome today? 


Cashier: Why the Colosseum of course. The Cetzar has been holding gladiator battles all week. He even throws helpless citizens into the ring sometimes. 

Cambry: Let's Rome!


Narrator: They Roll on over to the Colosseum and see Clichenie dangling above a shark lion tank and gladiator guards. 

Clichenie: OH THANK THE HEAVENS. 


Narrator: The Cetzar stands above them. 


Cetzar: Travellers! If you wish to save your friend you must fight to the death in GLORIOUS Combat!


Timmy: Meh. When in Rome..


Narrator: He speeds around the arena slicing and shanking every guard he passes. Cambry hops into the shark lion tank and electrozaps them to death. They lower Clichenie to safety. 


Clichenie: Oh thanks guys. You really saved my skin. 


Cetzar: You have yeed your last haw. 


Narrator: 52000 More guards walk out of the walls. All of the sudden a huge wave of light rushes over the stadium. When it subsides the guards and Cetzar are asleep and Clichenie is gone. They see Hitman at the top of the colosseum. 


Hitman: See you guys earlier!


Narrator: He implodes through time. 


Cambry: Well dang it. 

Timmy: now what?


Brian: Well he said earlier so maybe he is in the past even further. 


Larry: ok but when?


Cambry: Wait what is that?


Narrator: The implosion site glows and out comes some Murt, Sal, and Joe.


Timmy: The 3 wise men!


Cambry: Setting course for 1 B.E


Brian: B.E?


Cambry: Before elmer.


Narrator: They zooooom to ancient Bethanylahem. They land twelve sheep away from the birthplace of elmer. They see a man frantically looking around.


Larry: hey can we help you?


Wiseboy: yeah i'm the fourth wisemen but i dropped my gifts. 


Brian: *hands over gifts* you dropped these in the future.


Wiseboy: Thank you. Now i can go see the birth of Elmer. 

Narrator: They rush over and see a baby elmer laying in a pile of hay. Behind him is Clichenie crying with hitman holding a sniper aimed at Elmer. 

Brian: NOOO


Narrator: He jumps in front of the bullet and absorbs it and spits it back out at hitman. He barely dodges it. 


Hitman: Dang it. NEW PLAN

Narrator: Hitman grabs Clichenie again and vanishes. 


Wiseboy: Was that the Shaman healer?


Larry: Sure kid. Whatever you wanna believe. 


Wiseboy: Dope. 


Elmer: Glue glue ga ga


Cambry: Now where do we go?


Brian: Ok he left no clues and we still don't know his plan. 


Timmy: Something tells me we are gonna get a clue now. 

Narrator: They get a clue now. The glow returns and out comes a pile of coins and lottery tickets dated 1969. 


Brian: he is going after the cashier!


Cambry: let's roll

Narrator: They head to 1969 and find a 7 11. They head inside and see Cashier with an afro listening to the beatles. 

Cashier: Hey guys. What's the haps? 


Larry: Cashier Hitman is gonna try and kill you we think. 

Cashier: Well that wouldn't be good. Why?


Brian: We don't know why yet?


Narrator: They hear a rumbling in the closet. They open it to see Clichenie and Cashier tied up. The cashier at the counter turns into hitman. 


Hitman: Fine. You left me no choice!


Narrator: He grabs Clichenie and bolts again. Out of the rift falls a carnival ticket. Brian picks it up. 

Brian: He is going back to where it began.


Larry: Is he gonna try and kill us? Or PE?


Cambry: Let's roll and find out. 


Narrator: They land at the carnival and get hit with a nostalgia wave. 


Timmy: remember if we interact with our past selves we disssolve.


Larry: Since when?


Cambry: Since plot.


Narrator: They see themselves walk up and deal with their fortunes. They follow their past selves to the fccd restaurant. 


Cambry: So this is what you guys did before i showed up?


Larry: Shh its about to happen. 

Narrator: The events of the past transpire except for PE arresting Timmy. Outside they see Hitman slapping PE. 

Larry: HITMAN STOP!


Hitman: Fine. You win. 


Timmy: Explain yourself fool. 


Hitman: I want to retire. I thought if i stopped you guys from adventuring i could see my family again. 


Clichenie: Shut up. 


Larry: Why didn't you try to hurt Clichenie then. 


Hitman: Oh Clichenie is my time machine. 


Clichenie: WHAT?! I feel so used. I can time travel?


Hitman: Yeah but only as a time machine. You need a traveller with you. I read it in the Mystical genie handbook. So can I retire please? 


Larry: Hit it!


Brian: Look, I'm getting too old for this ship. 


AB: Hey!


Brian: But here is my advice. You can just visit your family. We don't end up dealing with you every single day. But you can't retire. Because plot. 


Larry: The ending could have used some work but alright!


Hitman: Alright. Thanks brian. Sorry I tried to kill all of your friends. 

Clichenie: Accidents happen. 


Hitman: ok i'm gonna go find my family. 


Narrator: He teleports away without clichenie because plot. 


Cambry: Welp. Let's roll home i guess. 


Clichenie: Wait! While we were time travelling Hitman hid an inconvenience device in the future. He told me not to tell you guys but i did anyway. 


Larry: What year exactly?


Clichenie: The future 

Timmy: let's go then


Clichenie: Ok but whatever you see just know that it won't be our future. Once we see it it won't happen because plot. 


Narrator: They teleport to an unspecified time in the future. The entire world is smoke and ash. Buildings have burnt down and the sky is pitch black because it is night time. They see Elmer in pain.  

Larry: ELMER!


Elmer: Larry? Guys? Is that you?


Cambry: what happened?


Elmer: I can't tell you or else it will happen for certain. 

Timmy: Damn plot. 

Elmer: Just take the inconvenience device and get home. 

Narrator: Elmer hands them the device and as they teleport away they see a fiery light heading towards them. They barely see its source before Cambry shoots back to the present. They walk into their house and sit down. 


Larry: That was intense. 


Cambry: Well this script got weird. 

Larry: Wait what does the inconvenience device do?

Brian: Let's find out.


Narrator: He pushes a button and a gun shows up on the table. Brian begins to ache in pain as well. Elmer also appears. 


Elmer: Hello my children. 


Larry: What the hell is going on?


Elmer: Oh its simple. That device sent a killer virus into Brian's body. 


Cambry: Oh snap.


Timmy: How do we stop it?


Elmer: You're gonna have to shrink and enter his body to destroy it at the source. 


Brian: Oh god. 


Cambry: Let's roll!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 61: Troutastic Voyage.