
Narrator: It's been a really really messed up week. Brian has been hit with a killer virus and now the loser lounge must enter his body to destroy it. 


Timmy: So the gun is a shrink gun?


Elmer: Yes. I will shoot you all when you are ready. 


Brian: I'M READY!


Larry: Just chill my dude we got you. 


Elmer: Open wide. 


Narrator: Elmer points the gun at them and they shrink to microscopic size. 


Cambry: Hop in boys we’re going in da mouth. 


Narrator: They fly up to Brian’s open mouth and begin to enter the body. 


Timmy: Look at those shiny mouth rocks. 


Larry: Ok if I was a killer virus where would I be?

Cambry: Let's check the brain first I guess. 


Brian: hey guys my name is Brian and you’re entering the brain. That’s pretty funny I think


Cambry: ok so from now until the end of the adventure, Brian’s vocal chords will be slit


Larry: hey what does that brain sign say


Timmy: pimple maker thingy


Larry: why don’t we just turn that off for him


Timmy: hmm there’s no off button


Narrator: without any premeditated thought or any common sense of any degree, cambry runs full speed into the machine


Cambry: okay so maybe breaking it will stop it


Narrator: pimple making is increased by 1%


Brian: hey that’s not too bad


Narrator: first, you shouldn’t be talking. Second, also now it’s permanent 


Brian: damage


Timmy: hey look a brain


Narrator: there is a brain, and a door to enter the brain


Cambry: lets roll… into the cranium


Narrator: they roll in the brain door and are awaited by you guessed it, a 7/11


Cashier: hello sir how may I be of service of you today


Timmy: what is this place


Larry: a 7/11


Cashier: well actually it is…


Larry: looks like a 7/11, there’s the gas station outside, slushy machines, cigarettes, bad bathrooms, cashier etc


Cashier: sir I know it looks that way


Cambry: is it ok if I take all the gas without paying you I’m kinda hungry


Cashier: sir that’s not gas that’s brain juice


Cambry: tastes like gasoline


Cashier: Noo!! If you eat that you will act like Brian for .3 seconds


Cambry: I don’t feel… yeah it’s me peter griffin. Oh my carby you’re right


Cashier: I know I’m right because, I’m…


Timmy: a cashier for a 7/11?


Cashier: sir, please let me explain


Timmy: guys don’t be fooled this is just a 7/11


Cashier: stop! This is not


Narrator: cambry starts licking slushy off the floor


Cashier: what are you eating now.


Narrator: slushy?


Cashier: nope that’s more brain juice


Cambry: I wanna I beat…


Timmy: guys his brain clearly isn’t here let’s bail


Narrator: suddenly cashier starts levitating and lighting strikes the doors, locking them and also ringing the bell at the same time, you know, the one that plays when you enter a 7/11


Cashier: I am the master conscious living inside this mere mortal. Along with all other sisters and brethren of my kind, I have been around for trillions of years. There are many other consciousnesses that exist, but I have been around the longest, as I have owned more than a billion bodies. I have seen time before it even started moving forward. I have seen the universe without light. I forged the entire galaxy that you live in just with the wave of my finger. I have been to heaven, hell and purgatory. I have shook hands with death. In fact, he’s my stepson. I have seen the sun, seen the light forevermore, during its first rise, in fact, not only seen, witnessed, as I created it. I have created everything you have ever seen in your absolutely tiny, minuscule lives. I have seen the face of god. And he is...I


Cambry: okay so is the snickers supposed to be $2, like I know inflations a thing but I only have 40 cents on me


Cashier; *sigh* just take it


Narrator: cashier levitates the snicker bar into cambrys mouth hole


All: *gasps* you can do that


Cashier: what!? Did you pay attention to any of that monologue? I can do much more than that! That took a fraction of a billionth of a percent of power!


Timmy: prove it


Narrator: cashier strikes Timmy with lightning and he turns to ash. 


Larry: no!!! Actually, who cares!


Narrator: cashier resummons Timmy


Larry: aw man


Timmy: ok so what’s your name


Cashier: my name? You know, I never had a name. Like I did all the stuff that I mentioned and I thought I had accomplished everything, so I kinda forgot about that


Larry: really?


Cashier: nah I’m just kidding, I’m actually the god of cod


All: *gasp*


Larry: we predicted you before we even knew you existed


cashier: yep, I’m real


Timmy: ok but if you’re a literal god, why are you In Brian’s body and how come you never told us


cashier: I just never thought about bringing it up.  


Cambry: um okay so thanks for the snickers bar, that was very nice of you but, just curious, is that Milky Way bar supposed to be 75 cents, or because like I know inflation 


cashier: here just anytime you think about candy, a car salad will instantly be teleported inside your mouth hole. *snaps*


Cambry: I’m all jiggly!


Timmy: hey wait if you can do that can you help us find the virus in Brian’s body


cashier: ok. So because of plot and because we need some filler, the virus is in 1 of 3 places


All: awwww


cashier: ok fine 1 of 2


Larry: I’m picking up what you’re putting down


cashier: ok so he’s either in the stomach or the thighs 


Timmy: there is no way an entire virus is inside those chicken legs


cashier: ok you know what you’re right he’s in the stomach. Geez you people are no fun


Cambry: lets ro…


Larry: wait how can we repay you


cashier: keep the change


Larry: will we ever see you again.


cashier: well I may make a cameo from time to time, I’ll just appear in some random scripts, except for scripts 69 and 70


Larry: why not


cashier: dentist appointment 


Cambry: lets roll


Narrator: they roll into the stomach where they find stomach ketchup, an entire box of twin packs and some floor yogurt


Larry: This place gives me the murta creeps. 


Timmy: Ok so this virus is in this stomach right?


Cambry: Let's roll


Narrator:They look around and find a small tavern called the stomach tavern. 

Larry: What a name

Narrator: They roll inside and its completely desserted except for one green boy wearing a cowboy hat. 


Virus: What are you youngins doing here?


Timmy: Are you the Virus?


Virus: Yep, the names virus. 


Larry: We gotta kill ya man. We gotta.


Virus: You could! You could do that! But why? Why would you do that?


Timmy: Because our friend will most likely die if we don't. 


Virus: Meh I guess. But you can't just kill me. You have to fight me to death in……….. The rib cage. 


Cambry: Ah a cage match. I like it. 


Larry: I'll fight because Timmy is too cool and Cambry is cars. 


Cambry: yeah but I’m super buff now after all those car salads


Larry: Alright I'll let you take this one. 


Narrator: They all roll to the rib cage. There is an actual cage there surprisingly. Virus is there wearing a boxing uniform and Cambry got red stripes on his doors. 


Announcer: lets get ready to tumble! Now i want a good clean fight. Nothing below the belt and no eating it now. 


Cambry: I gotta eat it now


Narrator: cambry eats the virus


Virus: Yes now I can infect you until you death


Cambry: but I’m a car 


Larry: I can confirm that is true. 


Virus: Oh Special hitman in turkey!


Narrator: He combusts with Cambry’s engine. They celebrate as GOC arrives. 

cashier: Well done Cambrith.


All: CAMBRITH?!


cashier: You all shall return. And now imma head out. 


Timmy: What about brian don't you watch his brain or something?


cashier: meh I’ll just send an intern


Larry: Sounds Troustastic. See you later God of Cod. 


Cambry: lets roll out of Brian’s body


Narrator: They exit the body and regrow to normal size


Brian: Oh hey guys. 


Larry: Hey man, how you feeling?


Brian: A little freeky. 


Narrator: Brian begins to shake and then stops. 

Cambry: You good?


Brian: yo what the shizzle is this bizzle 


Larry: oh snap. I think the god of cod intern made him switch bodies with hit hip hop music star lil wenis. 


cashier: sorry boys I had to make you guys pay back for the snickers


Cambry: Frick you bro. Not cool


Brian: Yo this crazy bro


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 62: Freeky Thursday