

Narrator: It has been a long time coming since i seen your face. The losers stand in awe since Brian has switched bodies with Lil Wenis


Brian: Yo dawg I was on a roll with these lebansese chicks


Larry: yeah this definitely isn’t brian, he doesn’t talk to females


Brian: whos Brian? My name is lil weenis, why am i in the body of a ginger


Cambry: OMG I HAVE YOUR CD IN MY MOUTH


Brian: You betta keep it there. 


Timmy: It seems that you and our friend Brian have switched bodies due to mistakes caused by a brain intern. 


Brian: ok ok so me thinks i gots it, so what your saying is after my crazy night in the club i switched bodies or somethings


Larry: Yes jar jar tard


Brian: well you know what this body ain't too bad… actually no i take it back fix it please


Timmy: You said you were at a night club so maybe we can head there to find out where you went. Where was the nightclub?


Brian: In the Monte Carlo casino 2, ba-by


Cambry: WE ROLLING BACK TO VEGAS BA-BY!


Narrator: Cambry swallows them all and they teleport to vegas. 


Timmy: You do realize this makes the road trip dumb because you can teleport. 


Larry: dont bring back old script logic


Brian: What script? 


Larry: Brian you've been here the whole time how'd you forget


Brian: I’m lil weenis, why am I yelling. Hey theres the cashier at the nightclub


Cashier: Hello old friends. Good Morning. 


Larry: So are you a cashier or a god?


Cashier: I'm the same old cashier just now you know I have godly power. 


Cambry: btw should we call you cod god or mr cashier or mr god cashier or mr cod cashier, or mr cod of god or mr god of cod or mr god of cashier cod or mr cod of cashier god or mr...


Cashier: Cashier will do just fine. As a matter of fact, forget I was a god. 


Narrator: He wipes their memories of all knowledge of him being a god. 


Brian: ayy yo mr cashier can you help us finds a...


Cambry: Hes about 6ft light skin black, beats womans, has a kid


Brian: holy crap i gotta kid. 


Larry: he sings really well and can definitely curse. 


Cashier: Oh yeah I saw a guy like that last night. He walked out smiling and looking down his pants saying it was his dream body.  He went straight to 
The big fruit race


Larry: the big fruit race


Narrator: they are now on the beach ready for the BIG FRUIT RACE


Announcer: Hey welcome to the big fruit race. If you are here that means you are competing. 


Cambry: Good thing I always have various fruits in my trunk. 


Narrator: The losers line up at the starting line and plan to ask announcer about lil wenis after the race. 


Larry: Watermelon is aerodynamic!


 Brian: Apple is for real dawg.


Cambry: Corn is TASTY!


Timmy: wait wait why don’t we just ask the announcer about lil weenis now instead of wasting time on the big fruit race


Announcer: ayy baba o reily ayy baba o reily swing baba o reily welcome to the big fruit race, I’m your announcer, announcer! 


Larry: shut up Timmy this may be important 


Announcer: before we start the race, lets reveal the prizes first bada ba. for 3rd place, you get a weeks supply of various big fruits, such as watermelon, apple and corn. For 2nd place, you win one dollar bet by mr krabs and a banana that you let mr krabs give a squeeze. And last but not least, 1st place, you win an exclusive meeting with lil weenis


Lil weenis: what the bass is going on


Announcer: what’s funny is this doesn’t even sound like lil weenis


Timmy: guys its brian!


Larry: woah woah hold on there Timmy where’d you get that idea


Cambry: please step aside ladies. Only one way to test


Narrator: cambry proceeds to schniff lil weenis


Cambry: yep checks out, 6ft, lite skin black, beats womans, etc.


Larry: guys we gotta win 1st place


Timmy: wait if it’s just us 3 in the race it’s impossible for us to lose


Cambry: Timmy how does that make sense only one of us can get 1st place


Timmy: exactly, which we can use…


Larry: shut your mouth Timmy and lets get rolling


Announcer: and they’re off


Timmy: guys slow down I already told you it’s doesn’t matter who wins!


Brian: yo I gotta end up at the top


Cambry: I gotta win now


Narrator: cambry sabotages Timmy larry and brian by running over their fruits as well as his own.


Announcer: and that’s a 4 way tie for 3rd place for the losers


Timmy: guys I told you this would...


Narrator: everyone is quickly spun around as cashier drives by on his aerodynamic banana


Announcer: and the cashier wins 1st place bada ba


Cashier: ok ya dumb kids just take the 1st place prize and get your bodies switched back I can’t stand to see you guys do more dumb stuff


Timmy: wait how are we supposed to get our bodies switched back


Cashier: idk go to a Chinese restaurant and eat some fortune cookies or something


Brian: yo what’s wrong with the world mama


Larry: Brian!


Narrator: Brian inside lil weenis body turns around


Timmy: you got your body switched inside lil weenis and we’re here to rescue you.


Lil weenis: at first I thought I wanted to go back but now I think I like this body more. I mean I have all these diamond hoes in my dms, I just FaceTimed kanye


Timmy: don’t forget you got a kid


Larry: yeah and you’re light skinned black


Lil weenis: oh shoot I forgot that part


Narrator: PE shows up


Pe: you’re under arrest


Lil weenis: for what


Pe: being light skinned black


Lil weenis: isn’t that kinda racism


Pe: ok fine you’re under arrest for beating woman’s. I sentence you to the electric chair


Timmy: holy carp that’s kinda dark


Pe: yes, this guy has to sit in a chair and watch nothing but electrozap uploads for the rest of his life


Larry: wait officer we have one food request on death road


Pe: what


Larry: can he have a single fortune cookie


Pe: sure why not whatever


Narrator: they are now in death row


Pe: any last words


Lil weenis: I wish I could be someone else for a day you know I wish I could be ginger and kinda lame


Pe: kinda odd


Narrator: lil weenis cracks open the fortune cookie and lighting strikes the sky. The bodies are switched back to normal. Brian back to his friends, and poor Lil weenis, who has to watch electrozap uploads for the rest of eternity


Cashier: well done kids, hopefully that intern doesn’t screw up again


Larry: why do you keep following us


Brian: either way It’s good to be back with the loser lounge


Narrator: All of the sudden Elmer appears. 


Elmer: Hey guys. Wanna heist?


All: You son of a gun we’re IN!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 63: Mission Improbable 2: The second one