

Narrator: It has been three dundies since the last adventure. The L lounge are reunited and elmer is about to give them the rundown


Elmer: so ya guys up for the job


Brian: I'm retired. 


Elmer: It's a job. 


Brian: You son of a Cambry….I'm in!


Timmy: language


Larry: What's the job?


Elmer: ok, so you get in, you get out, got it? Got it


Larry: Where? Where do we get in and get out


Elmer: just stick to the PLAN! If you get caught, you’re better off dead than captured


Cambry: Let's roll.


Timmy: hold your rolls, where in the where are we going?


Elmer: DON’T ASK QUESTIONs, LETS MOVE


Narrator: They hop into Cambry and just start movin. 


Cambry: I guess we will know where we are going once we get there. 


Narrator: They roll all the way to a house. Elmer shows when they pull up


Elmer: Took you long enough. 


Cambry: My fryers are revved up


Larry: too much information 


Timmy: can someone tell me what we’re heisting!


Narrator: Moe limps out of the house. 


Moe: Hey bass trolls who wants a take at the greatest heist ever. 


Brian: WHATS THE FRICKIN JOB!?


Moe: Glad you asked, you see, I recently discovered that a glove of massive importance has been seized by the Galactic Acters Yay Co. I don't need the glove, I just don't want them to have it. If you steal it I'll give you guys whatever you want. 
Narrator: In this universe that is the ultimate cliche gift. 


Elmer: Ok you guys can keep the glove on one condition, you don’t let someone else find it, and you don’t abuse it


Timmy: Thats 2 conditions


Elmer: See you already broke rule 1


Larry: but santa, i mean but elmer, how could we abuse it/ lose it


Brian: that was a sick ryme


Elmer: I agree. But anyways, just don’t let any major villain in the series take it, or something bad will happen


Moe: protect that thing with your lives, get in, get out, etc. They got the best mercenary team money can buy. In fact, that's where that hitman guy came from


Brian: ok so how are we gonna get this glove


Moe: ok so heres the plan (whispers)


Larry: That sounds like a plan


Moe: In case you forget I will call you every 4 seconds to remind you. 


Larry: that sounds like a plan


Brian: lets stick to the plan


Cambry: Remember the plan
Timmy: Plan A or B


Larry: Timmy you’re compromising the plan


Moe: Now go. 


Narrator: They drive to the Galactic Co. and discuss their roles in the car. 


Brian:i'll run point on this like the last heist. Cambry you're the getaway driver. You have one job and that is to do your one function of driving. 


Larry: im nerd


Brian: ok so larrys the hacker, and timmy, you can be demolition/logic man/black belt fighter/cook everything else


Timmy: can i just be the cook


Moe: (on coms really obnoxiously) OK GUYS SO UHHHHHHHHHHH DO THE THING AND DON'T FRICK IT UP AND IT SHOULD WORK. SEX JOKE


Narrator: They pull up in front of the building. It has a futuristic aesthetic.


Larry: Ok I'm bypassing the security cameras. You should have a blind spot to get it for 30 seconds. 


Cambry: Go go go


Narrator: Brian and Timmy run into the building sneaky style.


Brian: Ok Larry where is the most security at?


Timmy: Why does that matter?


Brian: They would put the most security in the most important area aka the glove. 


Larry: true, true. It's located at the back of the building. You want me to hack them into another room?


Brian: no i got a better idea


Narrator: Brian throws timmy into the crowd


Timmy: you didn’t mention in the list of jobs that i am also bait!


Brian: I should've mentioned you are the body block/cliche soak up all the hits but miraculously survive.


Timmy: Whatever.


Narrator: He black belts all the security in the room. Then he makes a delicious frittata. Hitman appears.


Hitman: You guys don't understand what you're dealing with. This is bigger than all of us. 


Cambry: I'm bigger than a glove!


Brian: has hitman been here since, wait when is the last time he’s been in a script?


Hitman: ah whatever, why are you here


Timmy: we’re here for the glove


Larry: Timmy why’d you say that!


Brian: oh yeah one of the jobs I forgot to mention is the group dummie who says the thing to their enemy that we’re not supposed to.. Ah whatever these jobs are stoopid


Larry: yeah but they’re cliche action rolesa thats why they exist


Hitman: Oh wait the glove. I gotta use it now!


Cambry: I gotta eat it now 


Narrator: Cambry rolls up to Hitman and eats his hand as the glove gets onto it. 


Hitman: OH MY GOD IT HURTS JESUS CHRIST I GOT BIT BY A CAR! 


Narrator: Cambry swallows Hitman’s hand and the glove. Hitman attaches a robotic hand he had on him to his new wrist stump. 

Hitman: You idiot you just swallowed the ultimate...nevermind. Peace out. 


Narrator: He backflips away. 


Brian: Well that was a heist. Let's head back to Moe and claim our reward. 


Narrator: They roll back to Moe’s house and describe their heist to him. 


Moe: YOU ATE IT?! Eh that's alright I guess. At least nobody bad got it. Alright what do each of you guys want? 


Brian: A couple of red vines.


Larry: A crap ton of in game currency


Timmy: Outkast tickets


Cambry: Cupholders. 


Moe: Jeez you guys are easy to impress. Ok done. 


All: Yay


Moe: I'll call you guys if I need something else. Now git.


Narrator: They drive away in victory. On the way Cambry pulls over.


Larry: What's wrong, Cambry?


Cambry: come around the front i'm gonna pop my hood. 


Narrator: They go to the front and see his electric engine. In the corner they can spot the glove. 


Brian: I thought you ate it?


Cambry: Where’s the fun in that?


Larry: guys just in case theres only one wish or something lets all come up with one wish


Brian: well whats the one thing all of us want


Timmy: (puts on the glove and snaps his fingers)


Larry: What did you wish for?


Timmy: Jake fries. 


Cambry: This thing sucks. 


Narrator: Cambry runs it over and it disintegrates and makes a pop sound. 


Larry: well we will never have to worry about that ever again


Narrator: As they drive off Timmy notices a bag of Jake fries on the street behind them but doesn't mention it. suddenly Pe shows up


Larry: where did you come from


PE: i was in the galactic spaceship just patrolling and I saw you guys doing something illegal. That's why I sentence Timmy to under arrest.


Timmy: you'll never take me alive


Narrator: Cambry runs into PE, which for the first time in the history of this script someone parries, which immediately deflects onto Cambry, who now has a concussion


Cambry: im all jiggly


Narrator: he passes out


All: *gasps*


Narrator: PE drives away


Larry: quick we need to get him to the car hospital or its off to clunker island for him


Cambry: lets roll…. Brain damage


Timmy: Guess I'm off the hook.


Cambry: i'm seeing my past 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 64: A car story