

Narrator: Its been a couple. Cambry has entered a coma and is now seeing his own origin story. We open on boy cambry with his siblings Google and Alexa. 


Cambry: im bored


Alexa: You're always bored Cambry.


Google: im nerd


Cambry: Hey I heard there is a carnival in town today. You guys wanna go?


Both: Sure!


Cambry: Sounds great. I'll drive. Let's roll!


Richard: not so fast. You forgot to sweep the dishes. 


Cambry: Shut up dad I hate you. 


Richard: that boy has hated me as long as i've been alive


Narrator: Cambry drives his brother and sister to the carnival in his car. They see a torched FCCD shop as they pull up. 

Alexa: Something weird…


Google: HAPPENEd HERe! Sorry autofill again. 


Cambry: Let's have some fun guys. 


Narrator: They go around the carnival riding rides and having fun. With cotton candy in hand they stumble upon a genie booth. 


Cambry: OOO looks fun. 


Google: Yeah let's do it.  


Cambry:oh wait he looks broken


Alexa: wait what is that?


Narrator: in the dirt they spot a yellowish crystal that resembles a hole on the booth in shape. The hole goes directly into the Genie’s turban. 


Cambry: Nice. 


Narrator: Cambry puts it into the Genie and his eyes shoot open like they normally do. Only this time, they have life in them. 

Clichenie: I am the great clichenie. Ask away young soul to find your destiny.


Google: This thing looks way too real. (doubtfully) Ok “genie” give us control over electronics or machinery or whatever. 


Narrator: The sky darkens as they begin to feel not so good. 


Alexa and Google: CAMBRY!!!


Cambry: Guys?


Narrator: His siblings disappear and he turns into a car. Shocked by his transformation he rolls to the booth to take back the wish only to see the genie is gone. 


Cambry: where did you guys go. Holy mother of carp, im cars!


Narrator: Suddenly, cambry gets 2 vibration from inside his jugulars. 1 being the news, which is talking about the new search engine google


Google: im nerd


Narrator: and 2nd, alexa, a home operating system


Alexa: im like google, but worse and you have to put me in your house so i spy on you, and im not free


Cambry: Thank cod you guys are ok. Do you need me to get you guys. 


Alexa: honestly, I think we are ok


Google: Yeah we basically have infinite knowledge.


Cambry: but ill never be able to see you guys ever again


Alexa: Dude just install us as your car operating systems. 


Google: Yeah then we can chill together again. 


Cambry: ok, but first lets try to find that genie


Narrator: cambry rolls around the carnival looking for the genie


Cambry: guys i don’t know, didn’t he disappear, i can’t find him
Alexa: Cambry I'm not feeling too well. 


Google: Me neither. 


Cambry: wait whats happening


Narrator: Alexa and Google get booted offline by a hacker. Their programs lay dormant but not destroyed. 


Cambry: darn if i were made in 2016 i would have more up to date security features


Cashier: oh you guys are some crazy kids


Narrator: Out of sadness he rolls to the nearest chilli’s parking lot and cries. In the distance he hears a couple of kids plotting something. 


Larry: Ok, we need to steal that car. Can any of us pick a lock?


Timmy and Brian and Larry: No


Larry: Oh well. We’ll just say, “Open Gregory”. 


Brian: Okay


Timmy: Wait, instead of that Cambry, how about that really cool Tesla over there. That’s my dream car!


Brian: Ooh, how about that limited edition Elmer Cambry?


Timmy: Dude, Cambrys cost like $23,000, and Teslas cost like $75,000. If we’re gonna steal a car, wouldn’t we want to get one with the most value?


Brian: Sorry, I don’t speak italian (Spongebob joke)


Larry: why did you bring math into this Timmy?


Timmy: Fine, let’s get the cambry


Brian: Shut up timmy, I want that Hot minivan.


Narrator: The tesla spontaneously implodes


Cambry: Get in


Narrator: Cambry wakes up instantly and sees his friends surrounding him. 


Brian: Told you we should've gotten the elmer cambry all those years…..oh hey bud!


Timmy: are we just gonna forget the tesla


Larry: It literally imploded dude let it go. 


Timmy: i can dream Larry


Cambry: Good to see you guys too. 


Narrator: On the hospital TV they see hit boxing star Marky Mark challenging Brian specifically to a boxing match for the title. 


Brian: I ain't boxed a day in my life. 


Larry: I can train you! 


Brian: Alright. Train me coach. 


Larry: Let's boxing!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 65: Brocky