

Narrator: It has been 3 zelda games since their last adventure. Brian has been challenged to a fight against Marky Mark for the title. He and his trainer Larry embark to Phildelphia to train for the fight. 

Larry: Alright so on the flight I watched 8 hours of this guy fighting. It seems as though he likes to punch his opponents. Wasn't expecting that but we can work around it. 


Brian: wait no one told me i had to fight


Larry: That was the point of the challenge bass for brains. 


Narrator: through the tv marky mark makes dead on eye contact with brian and threatens him


Marky mark: Yo im gonna pretend you’re a viatnamese person, and im the eyes , or wait you’re the eyes and im the person punching…


Larry: ok maybe he's the bass for brains
Brian: Larry you said you could train me. When do we start?


Marky mark: you have 24 hours, but by script logic, after the montage, the 24hrs has been up and you fight me loser


Timmy: hold up brian you may not wanna fight this guy, hes made a couple workout videos, and he looks like a fricken action figure


Cambry: Shut up Timmy. Aim for his pecs Brian!


Marky mark: 22 hours!


Timmy: what, did that conversation take 2 hours


Marky Mark: 10 Hours!!!!


Cambry: lets roll, montage


Narrator: They montage workout till brian breaks a couple sweats. 


Larry: cue the adventure playlist


Narrator: They head to the arena and prepare for the fight. 


Larry: Just remember… You got this. 


Brian: Good advice


Cambry: Sweep the legs. 


Announcer: Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to the $uce$$ arena paid for by $uce$$. I'm your host announcer! In the right corner we have the reigning champ. Hes the jing of bling. The king of fling. The monk dee coc dee himself…..MARKYYYYYYYYY MArKKKKKKKKKK!


Marky mark: POW


Narrator: Brian notices that Marky’s left hand is glowing purple. 

Announcer: And in the other corner is the challenger. He is the king of ring. The spring of roll. The bony boy himself…...BROCKYYYYY!


Brian: pow?


Announcer: On your marks get set fight!


Narrator: brian slowly walks towards marky mark. Brian hits marky, then marky proceeds to hit brian 10 times in under a second


Brian: i need inspiration


Larry: Just do it ( in jake voice)


Brian: ok ill try it


Narrator: Brian charges at Marky and he freaks out, dropping a purple stone onto the ring floor. His muscles begin to deflate and he feels weak. 


Marky Mark: i feel weak


Narrator: Brian proceeds to knock him out in a single hit. Brian picks up the stone and immediately drops it because it burns in his hand. Marky picks it up off the floor and runs away. 


Timmy: that was quite the anticlimactic. Also, im pretty sure this is my first line in the script


Larry: 2nd


Brian: you think that stone was important


Larry: Maybe. Probably not. 


Narrator: They prepare to exit and the door is jammed. Brian slightly kicks the door and sends it flying off the hinges. 


Brian: Omg i'm the man. I still can’t dance


Larry: yo did we finally get our abs


Timmy: darn we’re still weak


Narrator: They all get teleported home and stand face to face with Elmer, Clichenie, and myself in spirit. 

Elmer: There was an idea.


Clichenie: to bring a bunch of losers together. 


Narrator: So that when we need them.

All 3: They could save the world. 


Brian: Did you guys rehearse this?


Timmy: is it my birthday?


Cambry: let’s roll?


Narrator: no not yet not yet


Elmer: you guys are gonna need powers 


Timmy: for what


Narrator: We all feel something big coming


Cambry: sorry


Clichenie: We must prepare for the inevitable. Time to power up!


All: Let's roll


Narrator: Meanwhile, back at the Galactic Co. PE is searching for the glove and receives a ping from deep space. 


PE: fine, ill do it myself


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 66: Powur Up