

Narrator: It has been a movie franchise since their last adventure. The losers have just received information telling them they would become superheroes. 


Larry: ok so how does this work. 


Elmer: well some of you already have your powers. For example, Brian already inherited increased strength and agility by picking up that stone from the fight. 


Brian: Oh thats what that was. Awesome. 


Clichenie: Larry here is a chip with a frick ton of smart on it. 


Larry: How much?


Clichenie: About a heckabyte.


Larry: I like that. 


Narrator: Larry puts the chip on the side of his glasses and they become smart glasses. They link up with his watch and allow him to use a super suit. 


Larry: Holy hell this is incredible. 


Timmy: what about me


Narrator: you have chill


Timmy: thats it?


Narrator: you want different powers?


Timmy: i mean no offense to chill or anything


Clichenie: here


Narrator: clichenie sucks the chill out of Timmy and he becomes his own being


Chill: im chill and we cool 


Timmy: ok so what power do i get


Narrator: Your shank is more than meets the eye


Timmy: thats it?


Narrator: lightning strikes the shank and timmy starts floating and shooting lightning everywhere


Timmy: Holy carp. I am Thormpson god of Chicago


Brian: i am captain cliche


Larry: i am heckabyte


Cambry: i am cars


Elmer: Thats not all Cambry. Activate project Metamorphosis 


Narrator: Cambry transforms into a transformer the size of a street light. 


Cambry: I am Cambrius Prime.


Clichenie: oh you know what we forgot one


Narrator: announcer boat is teleported here. Almost forgot


Announcer boat: you almost forgot? About me? IM SLIGHTY ANGRY announcer HULK


Narrator: He gets all big and green and kicks a pedestrian


AB: Hulk Sorry. Me no english


Elmer: ok so guys test out your powers


Larry: I used the smart to make counterfeit money now I'm rich and smart. 


Brian: im strong so i can win 


Cambry: im cars but bigger


Announcer boat: im no angry anymore so i can english again bada ba


Timmy: I shank and taze. I'm like a woman afraid for her life. 


Clichenie: There is a signal coming from SIX FLAGS that says hitman is there. 


Cambry: Losers….Let's roll. 

Narrator: Hitman is enjoying his day with his family when he gets curb stomped by Cambry, tazed by Timmy, lasered by Larry, and punched by Brian and the announcer.


Hitman: oh god everything hurts. I was just trying to spend the day with my family. 


Brian: Tell it to the judge. I'm Captain Cliche  


Hitman: no don't take me to court, just kill me now, just end it oh god the pain is excruciating. What are you guys looking at, please just...


Timmy: we were never here


Narrator: they all teleport out of there


Elmer: ok folks that was a good test run


Narrator: They return to base while Hitman meets with PE in the Galatic co.


PE: Hey Hitman I've spent so much time here I built a literal spaceship the size of the state of new york. 


Hitman: god i hate my jobs sometimes


PE: what happened


Hitman: day off and i got beat up by those punks. I mean, i used to be jerks to them but i haven't bothered them in a while, but they’ll pay soon enough


PE: How bout you help me. I'm looking for this glove that could bring balance to this universe. Wanna be my number two?


Hitman: im picking up what you’re putting down, kinda weird about what you said about bringing balance but i'm not gonna ask any questions. Just do it!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 67: Complications