
Narrator: It has been one business seminar since their last adventure. The losers have started to perfect and improve upon their powers and are now a well oiled bass kicking machine. They are training at their facility. 


Larry: hey guys I just figured out how to do drone strikes with this suit. 


Brian: (doing pushups) Nice. I got all the muscles now, even the 10th ab


Timmy: Ha! Let me know when you reach ab 15. I bet you can't even hold my shank. It is imbued with a charm allowing only those who are worthy to hold it.   


Brian: Bet. 


Narrator: He tries to lift the shank and it just barely shifts before he gives up. 


Timmy: (in relief) Knew it!


Brian: darn leedle


Elmer: Calling all losers and Announcer  


AB: ITS ANNOUNCER HULK. I’M MAD?


Larry: you are human right now idit 

Announcer: Sorry I get confused because I can be a boat human or hulk. 


Chill: i'm still chill, and we still cool


Cambry: (mourphing sound) and i am still cars


Timmy: this is boring now


Larry: we need some threat or we’ll forget about our powers or something


Elmer: That's why I called you. There is a force of brute strength gathering somewhere in space. I think the best way of locating and disarming the threat is by splitting up


Timmy: that has never worked in the history of anything


Brian: Ok Cambry,  Ballen and Thormpson will head into space to check it out. That makes me and AB are our ground team. 


Timmy: ok fine then i don't get to choose even though i'm the strongest


Brian: I'm the captain now. 


Narrator: nah im techincally the captain mother fruckers


Cambry: you heard the man roll out. 


Narrator: The three leave in a spaceship made by Larry using smart. 


Cambry: WE ARE A LONG WAY FROM BUDAPEST


Timmy: Hope you guys don't mind I brought the chill crystal. Just in case we need him. 


Chill: ice cold!


Narrator: the space losers are in space on their way looking for any threat looking thing


Larry: Look, over there!


Narrator: They look over and see a police cruiser the size of the state of new york. It's PE’s. 


Timmy: Let's check it out. Looks villainous. 


Narrator: They fly up to the ship and step inside. They walk through empty corridors until they stumble upon a room full of incubation tubes. Inside are grotesque monsters with several arms and muscles. Hitman stands among them. 


Larry: i have no record of these creatures. What are they?


Hitman: oh you mean these? They are my secondemons. They are the ultimate soldier formed from a DNA mixture of the secondaries you all know and dislike. 


Timmy: jesus can we just kill them now


Hitman: oh no. you can't kill them. While incubating they are impossible to kill. Unlike you guys. 

Timmy: Not on my watch. 


Narrator: He tries to shank hitman but for the first time in his life, his trusty shank snaps in half. 


Timmy: NOOOOOO I'LL KILL YOU WITHOUT IT


Narrator: timmy tries summoning lightning, but it’s too late. Hitman opens the airlock, and Thormpson and Chill get shot out into space. Ballen almost does but saves himself with rocket boosters and cambry is too fat


Larry: youll pay for that. 

Narrator: Larry grapels himself to the floor to avoid flying out of the ship and swings into hitman, knocking him into a wall.


Cambry: We gotta warn the others. Let's roll home. 


Larry: no, we got to kill them first


Cambry: no, revenge is not the answer right now.


Larry: fine, ill get them myself


Narrator: hitman zaps himself with a teleporter


Hitman: Later losers. 


Larry: cambry this is your fault you stalled us
Cambry: stalled us, i get it (laugh track)


Larry: whatever, lets get home


Narrator: they fly home back to earth and explain this situation to the ground team

Brian: Secondemons. This sounds a little more serious than our previous adventures. 


Larry: not just that, someone, broke Timmy's shank


Brian: how’s that possible


Larry: maybe Hitman has gotten more powerful since the last time we saw him

Cambry: Chill got sucked into space too. We have no idea where he is. 


Brian: we have to find them


Larry: We need to get the citizens of earth somewhere safe. I know a planet that is suitable for life just a few hops away. 


Brian: what about no man left behind


Larry: when did we ever discuss that


Brian: oh it just sounds like something i would’ve said


Larry: what is it captain, 2 people with powers that can fend for themselves, or the entirety of the planet


Brian: I put my planet first. I'll be back. This calls for legendary weapons. 


Narrator:Brian then leaves and no one hears from him for some time. meanwhile in space


Hitman: where am I?


Narrator: hitman has appeared at a 7/11, where he walks in and looks around, and sees what he has been sent for.


Hitman: Boss, I found it


PE: Excellent. The fun begins.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 68: Infinitiy wore: Part I