
Narrator: It has been an infinite amount of time. We open on PE searching through the canyon, the colorado canyon, in search of the Secondary Stone. He comes face to face with james corden


JC: You shouldn't be here. This land is out of your jurisdiction. 


PE: My duty has evolved into something far greater than before, and with it my expansive ever awaiting realm of infinite possibilities


JC: you talk funny


Narrator: PE pulls JC over and interrogates him in order to find out the location of the secondary stone


PE: You tell me where it is or i will decimate you


JC: where what is?


PE: don't be a fool, just tell me where it is and everything will be okay
JC: Ah, you mean THIS!


Narrator: He summons a wave of secondaries to defend himself that are all destroyed in a single blow by the empty glove.


JC: wow, i thought my minions would do better than that


Narrator: where did that come from?


JC: Luckily, I can use the powers of the stone remotely. You will never find out where it is though, so don’t even bother


PE: you sure you don’t want to reconsider (holds glove up to JC head)


JC: i will never tell you


PE: fine, you give me no choice


Narrator: JC is struck down by PE


JC: I'm going to the big textopolis in the sky


PE: ah you naive little talk show host, of course i will find that stone


Narrator: PE walks away continuing his search for the stone. As PE is facing away from JC, with the last of his power James sends a telepathic message to BJ warning him of the coming danger. Intro rolls. We now see BJ in his new yourk home. He calls Larry in a sweat.  


Larry: wait, i gotta take this call. Hello?


BJ: LARRY IS THAT YOU?! 


Larry: yeah bj what's the issue?


BJ: Something big is coming. Something far greater than we can comprehend. 


Larry: Give me a minute me and Cambry will head over. 


Cambry: lets roll


Narrator: in just a couple minutes, cambry has arrived in BJs pad


BJ: ok, so i don’t know what, who or why, but i know it has something to do with… the stones


Larry: oh jesus christ don’t tell me they have anything to do with that stupid glove thing or whatever


BJ: im afraid so


Cambry: we never found out the logistics of that thing


Larry: thats the biggest word ive ever heard you use


BJ: the stones have been around for as long as cod were in our seas, as long as 7/11s have filled the galaxies, and as long as mystical genies have watched over the many dimenchions we live in


Larry: So what are they?


BJ: There are six infinity stones that control the universe as we know it. They are the secondary, thyme, Pow-ur, narrator, logic, and cliche stone. I sense that PE is searching currently for the secondary stone. We need to prevent him from getting the rest or the whole universe will feel his wrath. 


Larry: how do you know that the secondary stone may be compromised


BJ: im sorry i have to show you this


Narrator: BJ shows JCs dead body via a pourtal


Cambry: Ssssssant…..ssssant...santa?


BJ: Now while there’s no certainty that he can find the stone, with JC dead, its just a bunch of confused secondaries guarding literally one of 6 important stones.


Larry: Should we head there to check it out?


BJ: yes, but not without my help


Larry: wow ok you know we probably could have managed ourselves


BJ: no you don’t understand, this is no ordinary PE, this is even worse than North Korea Adventures PE


Cambry: oh my stars


Larry: No time to spare let's roll. 


Cambry: let's roll


Narrator: They arrive at the canyon and see it is completely decimated. 


Larry: oh god we’re too late


BJ: wait, lets see how far away he is


Larry: wait what do you…


Narrator: before Larry is able to finish, a loud roar comes from the sky. A Giant ship is slowly falling towards the canyon, Hitman emerges in ceremonial robes. 


Hitman: HEAR ME AND REJOICE! Your planet is saved. Thanks to the Titan PE. Now BJ. Give me the thyme stone or face me. 


BJ: oh yeah guys forgot to mention I have one of the stones. 


Larry: Damage. (to hitman) Earth is closed today!


Hitman: You guys don't even know. I'm a brainiac now. 

Narrator: He lifts metal with his mind and lobs it towards bj just as Larry suits up and slices it in half. After a little amount of time fighting BJ is knocked unconscious and taken aboard. Larry follows. 

Larry: Take care of our home Cambry. See you on the other side. 


Narrator: Cambry drives away and makes a call to a contact under the name C C. We now open on Clichenie on the run in Europe from a bunch of secondemons. Cornered and afraid for his life a sword beam is thrown, killing all the secondemons. Out of the shadows comes Brian, back in action with his Hyrulean Shield and the Master Sord


Brian: why the hell were you in Europe


Clichenie: i can ask you the same. me, i'm on the run


Brian: Yeah cambry said you were in trouble. Whats wrong?


Narrator: Clichenie explains the situation and brian takes it all in. 

Brian: So why are you running. 


Clichenie: Because….I am one of the stones. Well the keeper at least.


Narrator: He unwraps his turban to reveal a crystal ball with the cliche stone inside. 


Brian: what does it doe


Clichenie: that is a discussion best saved for another day. More secondemons will follow. Let's get the bass out of here. 


Narrator: As they leave, on the other side of the planet in Philly, Marky Mark is training hard when he hears the doorbell. 


Marky: Pow?


PE: I need that stone Marky Mark


Marky: Pow? Pow? Pow? POW! POW! POW!


PE: Oh jeez the stone really got to you huh?


Marky: POW


Narrator: He hops onto PE’s shoulders and starts strangling him. PE flips him off his back onto Cousin Neils pancakes. PE remembers his secondairy powers and activates them. A ring of secondaries is summoned, which in turn start strangling Marky. PE then punches Marky off


Marky: that’s all you got, a couple of weird little freeky guys? I'M THE MONK DEE COCK DEE!


PE: let's find out what else this little stone can do


Narrator: PE activates it again, summoning 10 PE’s which surround Marky


Marky: POW!


Narrator: Marky sends a shockwave, revealing the true PE


PE: i will admit, this is the most difficult fight ive had in a while. But how will you react to this?


Narrator: PE uses another power


Marky: yeah, i dont feel any different, your little glove thing broken?\


PE: step outside


Marky: what do you mean?


Narrator: Marky walks outside and notices that no one is looking at his inflated pecs or purple body


Marky: hey random guy do you know who i am?


Guy: what the hell


PE: dampening popularity


Marky: what?


PE: that's another one of the powers


Marky: NO! I'm nothing without my popularity or inflated pecs!!!


Narrator: Marky turns to ash, which PE blows, revealing a purple stone.


PE: that's 2 down, 4 more to go


Narrator: As PE walks off in victory the fun loving galactic protectors Dave and Phil are flying through space when they see a man covered in lightning encased in ice. They grab them from space and let them in to thaw. 


Chill: im chill, this aint so cool


Timmy: Where is Hitman, and PE!?


Dave: We received word that he is going after the infinity stones. In order to stop him we are going to go protect the only stone we know of. The narrator stone. 


Phil: what are your guys names anyways


Timmy: well that was chill as he said, and im thormpson, god of the shank, well at least i was


Dave: wait, the legendary shank?


Timmy: was, is the key word


Dave: phil knows a place


Timmy: what place?


Phil: where the shank came from


Timmy: from the gods of cod?


Phil: nope


Timmy: where is it, can you take me there?


Phil: well, i can tell you where it is, but you guys will have to go on our own, we have to protect that other stone. It was crafted by Bobby, intergalactic craftsman and inmate. Currently being held in space prison. 


Timmy: Thats why he was on the TV!


Chill: Let's chill out


Narrator: They leave on the way to the space prison bobby is at. PE is now outside of his son’s school in a trenchcoat. The second he walks out of school PE drugs and bags him. They then fly to the hidden planet TTT, where PE was told the logic stone was by a monk.


PE: alright, son, forgive me what i will have to do in these coming hours


PES: Jesus Christ dad I see you next weekend! 


Narrator: They head to the highest peak on the planet and are confronted by a phantom keeper.


Malboi: Hello traveller. Do you wish to pay the ultimate price for power?


PE: *reluctantly* ok


Malboi: Sacrifice that which you love over the cliff to claim your reward. 


PE son: what the hell dad are you insane


PE: Son, I want you to remember for as long as you have remaining that I am only doing this as a tribute, a gift for the universe. I’m only doing this because i love 2 things in life, you and my police cruiser, and i need that police cruiser to get home


PES: YOU'RE INSANE. I HATE YOU. YOU'RE NOT EVEN MY DAD!


PE: i wish i could say the same


Narrator: Pe’s son is cast from the cliff and falls a thousand stories to certain death. Pe wakes up in lukewarm water with the stone in his hand as he sheds a tear


PE: PULL OVER!!!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 69: Infinity Wore: Part 2