
Narrator: It has been a deleted scenes since their last adventure. PE has obtained half the stones, and he’s not planning to stop there. Our heroes have been separated and they’re becoming more and more powerless against PE. We open on Dave and Phil trying to stop PE from reaching the narrator stone.


Dave: We are approaching the narrator land. 


Phil: Let's get this guy!


Narrator: They land in a marketplace and see PE trying to find the stone. Dave quickly jumps onto PE’s back and shoots him through the neck and he collapses. Mid celebration they hear his voice


PE: Reality is often disappointing. 


Narrator: The scene changes to reveal the world is decimated and PE is perfectly fine. 


PE: you see, you mortals never learn. Day after day, month after month, ,year after year, the streets have remained a dangerous place for mankind, because you guys don’t respect traffic laws


Phil: You're going down meter maid. 


PE: You will regret those words. 


Narrator: Phil charges at PE shooting a volley of shots at him while running. PE throws him into a wall that melts into him, holding him there. Dave runs at PE with a short sword and strikes PE across the chest. PE grabs the sword, turns it towards Dave, and thrusts it through his heart. 


Phil:(in a rage) YOU KILLED DAVE!!!!!!!

Narrator: Phil pulls out a magnum and shoots PE in the knee. PE pourtals away smiling. 


Dave: It's alright. I'm dave and your phil(dies)


Phil: NOOOOOOOOOO! I WILL AVENGE YOU BROTHER. Wait is that a copyright infringement?


Narrator: we cut to thormpson and chill still flying to the Space Prizun


Timmy: Ok Chill we have to find Bobby and get him to make me a new weapon. He is in cell sb-219


Chill: we chillin


Timmy: you think dave and phil are doing well


Chill: if they are, that would be pretty cool, if not, not too cool man


Timmy: yeah you're probably right


Narrator: they reach the prizun and immediately notice that the prizun is abandoned and the only one left is Bobby


Bobby: Yo whaddup night school crew. I'm bobby. I'm really here. 


Timmy: if brian were here, he would be really confused. Anyways, can you make me a super shank thingy so i can take down PE


Bobby: Yo i straight hate that guy. Yeah I got just the thing. I call it shankbreaker, the ultimate weapon. Only issue is I need you to jump start my honda civic for me to get crankin. 


Timmy: sure, i can just use my lightning powers to jump start it


Bobby: Maybe a little, but its gonna need a lot more energy than that. Like 10 minutes of straight lightning or something


Narrator: Chill sits in the corner while timmy puts his hands on the engine and channels all his energy into the car. He feels himself burning and in pain.


Bobby: Hold it!


Narrator: Bobby begins forging the shank. Timmy endures an insane amount of pain. 


Timmy: how much longer?!!


Bobby: One more prison minute so like 30 seconds. 


Narrator: Timmy uses the last of his energy to keep it running before collapsing onto the floor. 


Bobby: yes, it worked! But wait, i need the handle!


Chill: Chill out man. 


Narrator: Chill forms a grip made out of ice and attaches it to the head of the shank. Timmy’s eyes shoot open and it flies to his hand. 

Timmy: I need a buzzcut.


Narrator: We cut to Larry sneaking around the ship carrying BJ to PE’s home planet of Enforcerland. 


Hitman: You will cave eventually. 


BJ: Please. This gem is attached to me till my dying breath. 


Hitman: Oh its that easy. Being cheesy.

Narrator: As he prepares to kill him Larry dropkicks Hitman into space where he freezes. 


Larry: its that easy, being cheesy.


BJ: you know how to fly a galatic co. spaceship?


Larry: good question lets find out


Narrator: Larry and BJ begin to try and steer the ship before a ship has collided with theirs. This event spirals the ship out of control and lands it on enforcerland. A devastated Phil holds BJ at gunpoint and starts asking questions.


Phil: DID YOU KILL DAVE


BJ: Who in the buddha hell is DAVE?


Larry: Cambry would probably say “Why is dave?”


Phil: SHUT UP NERD, where’s my FRIEND?


Larry: who is your friend


Phil: dave he was, he was like a brother to me, but then he was killed mercilessly, died a bloody tragic death


BJ: what do we have to do with DAVE?


Phil: are you guys working for that fat man in the uniform who calls himself enforcer?!


Larry: parking enforcer?


Phil: yeah I was on my way to find and kill him. I got separated from that Thormpson guy. 


Larry: You know Thormpson!?


Phil: yeah, average looking guy, not too good looking walks around with that ice guy who looks pretty chill


Larry: yeah, we know both of them, thormpson and chill. They got seperated from us back on Earth and we haven’t seen them since


Phil: oh, ok, well maybe you can help me stop that friend killer. 


Larry: speaking of which, PE will come any second. Ok so guys stick to the plan, go and hide now!


Phil: you’re plan suks, And whats your friend doing?


Narrator: We see BJ having a literal stroke and then waking up in terror. 


BJ: NIGHTMARE! Oh god oh frick we’re actually fricked, we’re not gonna win this


Larry: Did you see the future or something?

BJ: Yeah, I saw all outcomes of this battle. 

Phil: In how many of them do we win?


BJ: *gulps* one. Ok you guys are going to have to follow my lead. 

Narrator: As they go over the plan we see Brian and Clichenie on Earth meeting Cambry at the top of the colorado canyon.

Cambry: Oh thank cod you guys are here. 


Brian: Why did we have to meet here Cambry?


Cambry: James Corden is dead. They found his body in a car listening to Mariah Carey. Tragic. His people want vengeance. While they may be secondaries they have the technology to separate Clichenie from the gem but keep you alive. 

S1: Hello. I am the acting leader of the canyon. My top scientist Cames Jorden will be able to remove it if given enough time. 


Clichenie: Ok so this is where the battle will go down. 


S1: I have thousands of mediocre troops armed and ready.


Brian: Let's go. 


Narrator: PE now arrives on his home planet and stands mere meters away from Buddha in a Jar. 


BJ: Let me guess...your home?


PE: At least it was.(shows flashback) Thousands of enforcers would report on traffic crimes in what they would call peace. They just didn't understand the need for balance. 


BJ: Neither do we.


PE: We?


Narrator: Larry brings a boulder the size of cambry towards PE


Larry: how bout dem apples


BJ: that’s not enough


Narrator: the boulder crumbles and shatters into a million pieces and PE is perfectly intact


PE: you’re darn right that's not enough
Narrator: PE heaves all the stones into Larry, but at the last second BJ creates a pourtal where the stones spit back into PE. He momentarily falls before rising quickly. He surrounds himself with an army of secondaries and clones. Phil exterminates all the secondaries while Larry uses a tracking laser to hit the real PE.


Larry: How bout…


Narrator: PE pounds Larry to the ground, while BJ floats rubble in the air that Phil jumps on and off of where he lands on PE and starts shanking the carp out of him


Phil: I'm doing Timmy style!


Narrator: PE lets go of Larry and shifts his attention towards Phil.


PE: ill eliminate you just as easily as your dumb friend you stupid human


Larry: you’re human too?


PE: not anymore, i'm the IRRATIONAL TITAN


Phil: yeah whatever man.


Narrator: phil starts shooting lasers


PE: i haven't tried this yet (narrator stone)


Narrator: ha im now the narrator, ok so Phil starts shooting himself with lasers


Phil: OW ouch owwie


Narrator: ok, im back. 


Larry: hey BJ, start making a carp ton of pourtals


Narrator: Larry ramps up a considerable amount of speed by boosting through the pourtals until he hammer times into PE, who is now on fire


Larry: nerd powers


PE: thats better


Larry: oh i forgot about how bout dem app…


Narrator: in a fit of rage, PE literally crumbles an entire planet and rains hell fire on everyone. BJ makes pourtals over all the good guys and makes them spit onto PE. where he is now on the ground, twitching


Larry: quickly everybody.


Narrator: larry spawns a couple of iron anchors attaching to every limb on PE’s body and BJ keeps him in a chokehold via 10 spawns of himself as well as tightening the grip on his forearm so hard that PEs arm is probably dead


PE: Jesus christ went a little overkill there didn’t you


Phil: shut up murderer


PE: i mean yeah i know i killed tons of innocent people but jesus christ if you’re gonna kill me kill me now just end my suffering


Phil: you’re not gonna use the stupid stones?


PE: how can I… i cant even feel my hand. Like here, im trying to move my index finger up and down. See my hand is probably... you know what just chop off my hand


Phil: thats just what you want us to do to accomplish your plan


PE: i literally cant use the stones if my hand is cut off


Phil: SHUT UP!

PE: oh my god please kill me now! Ouch every second it gets more agonizing.


Phil: yeah, thats what i want you to feel. Now for the last time, where is Dave.


Narrator: BJ and Larry look at each other


Phil: come on! Just tell me where Dave is or i swear i will punch your family to death


PE: You mean your so called partner? Dude you watched and called me out for killing him. 


Phil: WHERE. IS. HE!


PE: do you not remember me sticking a sword inside his heart, watch him fall over, while you said you killed dave?


Larry: Yeah phil i'm pretty sure he is gone. 


Phil: YOU! KILLED! DAVE!!!!!


Narrator: Phil slaps PE so hard he knocks Larry and BJ loose. PE then reclaims control of his hand and knocks phil out cold. Larry pulls out a nano sword he made and begins slicing. PE manages to grab the sword with his big meaty claws and once again turns the weapon against its owner. Larry is now impaled and on his knees, speechless.


PE: Ever since the first day I saw you, I knew you would be trouble. Throughout all those chases, you were a real menace for me. I applaud you. Well done. But it seems your silly little goose chases have come to an end


BJ: WAIT! I'll give it to you. Just spare him. 


PE: toss it over 

Narrator: BJ pulls the thyme stone from his neck and sends it into PE’s glove. He surges with power and releases a critical condition Larry onto the floor. 


PE: just one to go. Much obliged, and goodnight every body


Narrator: PE pourtals away


Phil: Did we just lose…..DAVE?


Larry: i think so, BJ, why’d you do that


BJ: we don't trade lives captain


Narrator: Back in the canyon, the extraction is ready to take action. Ay oh that rhyme. Meanwhile, the secondemon army arrives in pods.

S1: This will be the end of the canyon. Form the shield!


Narrator: A force field surrounds the canyon and keeps the demons out. 


Brian: Frick I left my shield somewhere. 


S1: Get this man a shield. 


Narrator: A secondary brings out a shield resembling Hi-5


Brian: all right!


AB: I CAN'T EDIT!


Cambry: Larry thought this might happen. 


Narrator: At the front of the shield a demon managed to chew a hole into the force field and entered letting hundreds more follow. Cambry transforms, Announcer Hulk in the Boat Buster suit, and Brian runs into battle alongside a bunch of hormonal secondary warriors. The secondemons get wiped out wave by wave but more continue to follow. Brian is finally pinned to the floor protected only by his shield and Cambry and AB get overpowered as well when all of the sudden a beam of lightning strikes from the sky sending a blanket of snow across the battlefield. A single shank is seen flying around the fight taking out every demon in sight. It finally returns to the lightning and is seen in the hand of Thormpson alongside Chill. 


Timmy: BRING ME PE!


Narrator: The lounge starts eliminating the ever coming wave of secondemons,


Timmy: I see you copied my abs.
Brian: Brothers gotta get some exercise 


AB: my cgi body looks stoopid


Narrator: all seems to be going well, when the lounge notices that the secondemons are going around the shield, straight to the extraction zone. Announcer heads over to Clichenie in hopes of protecting him. Minutes from finishing the extraction it is halted and he is forced to fight alongside his friends. 


Clichenie: lets fight some fires


Narrator: clichenie uses cliche beams, boat busts, thormspons shanks, chill chills, cambry rolls and Brian shields. The army is eliminated with minimal effort. After a few seconds of triumph, the air becomes still. 


Clichenie: guys, i have a bad feeling about this


Narrator: just then, an ominous pourtal appears 20 feet away from the lounge, and PE emerges


PE: Now this is epic. 


Narrator: PE now stands on the battlefield with 5 stones on his glove. The secondemons retreat as PE wipes out all the secondaries with the narrator stone by making them think they are relevant. 


PE: well its just you guys and me now, now lets see what else this baby can do


Brian: never refer to the glove as baby again


PE: oh baby, baby
Cambry: lets roll


Narrator: cambry rolls at full speed into PE who pourtals right before impact, sending Cambry all the way to Scandinavia,


Cambry: frick i thought we forgot about science club


Narrator: Announcer is crushed inside of his suit to the point where it is just a tad uncomfortable. 


Announcer: (squidward voice) i cant breathe


Narrator: Chill skates towards PE but is melted into a puddle. 


Chill: I'M becoming melt


Narrator: finally, its just Brian and PE. With a final gust of hope, Brian holds back a fish slap from PE which puzzles PE. PE then throws Brian to the ground and eyes Clichenie. As he approaches he hears something whizzing past him. Brian had thrown his shield at full force to hit and break Clichenie’s stone into a bunch of pieces, sadly killing him. 


Brian: im sorry clichenie, we had to trade lives


PE: Your efforts are wasted. 

Narrator: PE uses the thyme stone to piece Clichenie back together just to rip it out of his head again. He crumbles to the floor as PE puts the stone into the glove, overflowing him with power. All of the sudden he is shot into the ground via lightning thrown by Thormpson. Timmy flies directly into PE and shanks him in the chest. 


Timmy: you shouldn’t have killed corden, or dave, or the rest of them. 
PE: And you……………………………………….should've gone for the head. 


Timmy: NOOOOO


SNAP


Narrator: PE is transported to a lukewarm lake similar to that of the logic stone. He sees his son in front of him.


PES: Was it worth it dad?


PE: Yep


PES: What did it cost?


PE: Everything


Narrator: He returns to his body, terribly damaged like his glove. 


Timmy: WHAT DID YOU DO?


Narrator: He pourtals away.  The universe comes to a stand still. Cambry begins to feel funny.


Cambry: google, alexa, can you give me a status report


Brian: Cambry, you’re becoming...


Narrator: He begins to turn to dust. 


Cambry: GOOGLE ALEXA IM ROLLING TO THE STREETLIGHTS OF HEAVEN


Narrator: Chill then begins to crumble. 


Chill: Not cool dude. 


Announcer: Brian?


Brian: yeah buddy?


Announcer: Hey bada bye. 


Narrator: our heroes on earth are now gone, we now go to enforcer land where the same consequences are taking place


Larry: BJ what's happening?


BJ: It was the only way. We are in the endgame now. 


Phil: Wait if I die, who will dave hang out with?


Larry: FOR GOD SAKES DAVE IS...


Narrator: before he can finish that thought phil is dusted away, while BJ just looks at Larry and slowly fades away as well. We now look at PE who is on an uninhabited planet, where he just sits down and looks into the setting sky


PE: i did it. I can’t believe it. Ever since that fateful day i met those losers, i never thought i could accomplish the unthinkable. I brought balance to a universe, where bad traffic laws, bad jokes and cliche scenarios take over with no real rhyme or reason. Finally, those mortals can thank me for what i bestowed upon them, and I can finally live a restful life in peace, without ever having to worry about those hooligans, my car, or street signs, ever again.
To be continued in Carnival Cliche 70: Endgaem


Narrator: We see Elmer in the city drinking a soda when he crashes into an empty vehicle. He stumbles out and starts to dustify. He pulls out a beeper and signals something. 

Elmer: Mother Fu….


Narrator: He vanishes. As he does we see on the beeper a single name….Tommy. 


The losers will return?