
Narrator: It has been negative twelve lard spheres since their last adventure. The loser lounge is ready to jump through thyme.


Cambry: Setting Courses.


Larry: Courses?


Cambry: Yeah, I can't send you all to the same place due to plot. Brian, I will send you to the year with the most Ginger Births, 2004, your soul has to be down there.


Brian: Lit.


Cambry: As for Timmy, I will send you to the year where Clichenie was first discovered, 1999. 


Timmy: Okay.


Narrator: This short dance break is sponsored by Cricket Wireless.


Cambry: Last but not least we have Larry who I will send to the Era of fidget spinners, 2016, the year of trends. The hitman should be in a heavily meme populated time.


Larry: Ok but what will you do?


Cambry: I'll sit this one out. Now go through thyme!


Narrator: Cambry suddenly feels the urge to watch anime.


Cambry: Where should I go for my urge?


Timmy: Crunchyroll.com?


Cambry: What are you, a weeaboo? I want the dankest anime ever!


Narrator: Cambry rolls into the Outlets at 7/11. He is surrounded by 3 stores, Sketchers Outlet, Plot Convenience Park, and Soggyroll.


Cambry: Let’s soggyroll.


Narrator: Brian is falling with the grace of a ginger.


Brian: AAAAAHHHH I’M FALLING AND I CAN’T GET UP!


Narrator: Brian lands with a loud splat and an oof.


Brian: Woah, where am I? 


Larry: Welcome to the Loser Lounge.


Timmy: Aren’t we the Loser Lounge?


Brian: Shut up Brian! But actually, where am I?


Timmy: 2004.


Brian: But where?


Larry: In the cliche “Space-Time Continuum” thingy.


Brian: Wait, aren’t you guys supposed to be in your time periods?


Larry: I thought maybe we can all explore the time periods together!


Brian: NO! We need to do the inconvenient and arduous way.


Larry:(sighs) Shameless SAT word assertion.


Timmy: Our friendship will be annihilated!


Narrator: They enter their individual time periods, while Cambry struggles getting past security in the Outlets at 7/11.


PE: (to Cambry) Sorry, no cars allowed. Begone!


Cambry: First of all, you died in the last episode. Second, why are you guarding stores when you are a PARKING ENFORCER!


Timmy: Huh, I thought I was the only character that spoke with logic.


PE: (to cambry and Timmy) IS THAT SASS?


Timmy: Yes.


PE: Oh, uh, well I never expected that answer.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Narrator: Cambry rolls into Parking Enforcer, also leaving major damage on the Sketchers Outlet building. Nobody notices though. Cambry will go on a shopping spree following these next meanwhiles.


Brian: Wow. Now, to the hospital to find the newborn ginger housing my soul.


Narrator: He goes the nearest hospital and stands in front of the nursery.


Brian: Look at all of those chickens. Now, which one has my soul.


Narrator: He looks all around before seeing a ginger child glowing with dank. The name on his crib is Brian B.


Brian: Hey, it’s a tiny me. Now I have to rob myself.


Narrator: He runs into the nursery triggering tons of alarms. He runs to himself and succs the soul out of his own body, not before making the baby do ten sit ups. Due to the cliche “space time continuum”, current brian now has rock hard abs.


Brian: Yes!


Narrator: He runs out of the hospital.


Brian: Beem me up Cambry


Narrator: Cambry beems him up and they continue the shopping spree together. Meanwhile, Timmy is stuck in the 1999s.


Timmy: Whoa where am I?


Narrator: Timmy reads a sign that says Where the first script took place


Timmy: How convenient! I wonder what city our first script took place…


Narrator: That’s the name of the city!
 
Timmy: Oh well… Hey, Clichenie!


Narrator: Timmy stereotypically walks up to a guy with a turbine and shakes his hand.


Turbine Guy: Who are you?


Timmy: Oh, you’re not Clichenie. Sorry.


TG: Wait, Clichenie… He was one of my roommates!


Timmy: Can you help me find him?


TG: Depends… You gotta any of that good-good?


Timmy: What?


TG: Never mind. How about 52 rupees?


Timmy: I never leave home without them!


Narrator: Timmy gives rupees to TG and they teleport to Clichenie


Timmy: Hey Clichenie!


Clichenie: I’m down!


Timmy: Wait, shouldn’t you be just born Clichenie?


Everyone: Nobody cares!


Narrator: Timmy brings Clichenie with him back to the cliche “space time continuum”, and then join Brian and Cambry’s shopping spree. Right now they are in Sketchers Outlet.


Cambry: No way! Damager V’s, signed by the one and only…(sighs) Kevin Spacey!


Brian: How much are they?


Cambry: $52.25


Timmy: Aw heck ya!


Cambry: You know what? I’ll buy Damager V’s for the whole Loser Lounge! 


Brian: Can you afford that?


Cambry: No I’ll just steal them.


Timmy: That sounds a bit illegal.


Brian/Cambry: Shut up Timmy, have some fun!


Narrator: Cambry steals all Damager V’s, somehow knowing everyone’s shoe size. We now go back to Larry in 2016, the realm of fidget spinners.


Larry: You know what, this realm sounds boring. I’m being defiant! I’m going to another time period.


Narrator: No! Whatever your dimechion is, deal with it!


Larry: Why do I need to look for the hitman? He’s died like 4 times!


Narrator: Plot


Larry: Fine!


Narrator: Larry lands on the planet dead meme. All that can be seen for miles is dead and crusty meme.


Larry: Are you kidding, back here?


Narrator: Meanwhile, Cambry, Timmy, Brian and Clichenie walk into Plot Convenience Park.


Brian: Why is this called Plot Convenience Park?


Cambry: If you can chug the Fountain Under Convenience Kool, then you will be inspired with the most convenienty, convenient ideas in all of Convenientom.


Timmy: Okay, I got it.


Brian: We were gonna sacrifice you anyways Timmy.


Narrator: Timmy chugs the fountain.


Timmy: I have the power of Elmer and Plot Convenience on my side!


Brian: Wow Timmy maybe now you’ll be a useful asset to the team.


Timmy: Finally!


Cambry: Let’s Soggyroll, after these meanwhile breaks


Narrator: We are back at the Planet Dead Meme. Larry decides to go into the Ghost Club hoping that the hitman ghost will be in there.


Larry: Ha, found ya!


Narrator: Suddenly, the doorbell rings, and the Loser Lounge walks in, including Larry.


Past Timmy: Let me guess, you went through time and altered history because of the cliche “space time continuum”.


Larry: Uh, yes.


Past Larry: Why does my future counterpart have to be so stupid!


Past Brian: Uh, how can we fix this?


Past Cambry: We need Present Larry to evacuate the Cube!


Narrator: Larry runs out of the Ghost Club.


Larry: Huh, I thought there would be consequences.


Narrator: Larry’s jinx causes a memehole to swirl around Dead Meme, like Hurricane Tortilla. It succs up the past people sending them to the right time.


Larry: How am I gonna fix this?


Narrator: They were just succed up, you don’t need to fix anything


Larry: Okay.


Narrator: However, the past people actually don’t go to the right time, and end up in the present. I don’t know where though.


Cambry: It’s calling for me, it’s so shiny! Soggyroll, so… soggy!


Brian: My weebaboo senses are tingling. 


Timmy: We’re going to be in and out, right?


Cambry: Aw, heck no! I’m gonna be in here for 52 stereotypical turbines!


Brian: Sound’s troutastic! Come on Timmy!


Timmy: What anime are you looking for.


Cambry: The dankest one they got.


Timmy: I would recommend My Hero Academia: Shrek Edition


Cambry: What are you, gay?


Narrator: We are back to Larry’s boring sidestory. Okay hurry up Larry I want to go back to the dank anime hunt!


Larry: Um, I can leave now!


Narrator: Larry teleports to Soggyroll. All Loser Lounge members are reunited. Yay.


Cambry: (to cashier) What’s the dankest anime you got?


Cashier: My Hero Academia: Shrek Edition


Cambry: Sounds dank.


Cashier: Unfortunately, the hitman-looking dude over there took the last one! But there’s also Cory in the House, or Fresh Prince of Bel-air!


Cambry: No, my needy bass wants My Hero Academia: Shrek Edition!


Cashier: Fine just steal it from him I don’t care.


Narrator: Cambry rolls into hitman


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Hitman: Aw, fertilizer! Fine, you can take it!


Timmy: Yay!


Brian: Wait, what did anime have to do with our quest to find Clichenie?


Cambry: Nothing, I just had a urge to watch anime!


Larry: Damage, the Hitman is getting away!


Timmy: Why won’t he die?


Brian: Wait, a minute Timmy! Use your newfound Plot Convenience Powers on the hitman!


Narrator: Timmy uses his newfound Plot Convenience Powers on the hitman, and now the hitman is dead for real.


Brian: Wow.


Timmy: Damage, I ran out of Plot Convenience Powers.


Larry: It’s okay, we’ll just steal their stock of fountains.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Narrator: They roll halfway before finding their Past counterparts in Grocery Outlet: Bargain Market.


Larry: Cambry, do you know how to fix this?


Cambry: I have an idea. Larry, you go off to the future for some reason. Timmy, you steal some fountains. Brian, you need to disguise yourself and stop the Past Peoples.


Brian: Stop them from what?


Cambry: Just say, “You’ve been stopped”.


Timmy: Cambry, what are you gonna do?


Cambry: Watch anime.


Larry: Sounds Troutastic, come on Timmy! Wait, how do I travel to the future?
Cambry: Here, take this pickle shaped button. There are 3 buttons. The green one will take you to the future. The blue one will take you back to the present. But, whatever you do, don’t press the red button!


Larry: Then why is it on there?


Cambry: Plotcebo 


Narrator: They all press the red button out of pure stupidity and plot.


Cambry: Oh Chris.


Larry: Nothing happened.


Narrator: The red button then turns the whole Loser Lounge into gingers! HOW DID YOU NOT SEE THAT COMING!


Larry: My skin is bright red and I can't read.


Timmy: Does this effect plot though?


Brian: No, but we need to go to the future and turn ourselves back into normal people anyways!


Timmy: Why the future?


Brian: Singing killed my grandrichard.


Larry: Relatable.


Cambry: Let’s roll.


Narrator: They travel through time and land in the year 2552


Larry: This place is cool


Old Larry: What are you youngins doing here


Timmy: Why are our future counterparts still alive?


Cambry: Timmy, you keep trying to make sense out of these scripts! You never will find anything that makes sense!


Larry: Omg its me.


Old Larry: If you need Gingervitis antidote I can just cough some up.


Old Brian: Just how I remember! Wait, why didn’t you give me any?


Old Larry: It’s only $52 per gallon.


Timmy: Why would we need a whole gallon?


Old Larry: Besides turning you back into a normal person, it also is a good source of Vitamin B6. 


Brian: Sounds dank.


Old Larry: Let’s roll


Narrator: Old Larry coughs up/lactates until he produces a few gallons. Everyone buys a gallon, except for Brian of course.


Brian: Remember guys, we need at least one ginger on this journey!


Larry: Do we?


Timmy: If you ask me that’s one too many.


Old Larry: Uh oh. I can’t stop producing the cure!


Larry: How can we stop that?


Brian: Wait, Elmer would know a lot about lactating!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Timmy: Wait, what year was Elmer created?


Larry: 1947


Brian: Sounds troutastic, come on Timmy!


Narrator: They roll into the year of 1947, in some factory.


Old Larry: We need to find Elmer, and fast!


Brian: (to worker) Hey do you know where Elmer is.


Factory Worker: Elmer isn’t real.


Narrator: The great god of cod strikes FW with lightning.


FW: Fine, he’s in the back room.


Timmy: Wait, Elmer is real?


Narrator: The great god of cod strikes Timmy with lightning.


Larry: How could you be so cruel and keeped him chained up?


FW: We don’t want him to hurt us!


Brian: What if he’s not a fighting bull?

Old Larry: Hurry up and ask for advice on stopping lactation!


Narrator: They walk into the back room to see the great god of cod chained up to a large cube of parmesan cheese.


Elmer: Greatings loyal subjects. What brings you here.


Narrator: We have come to ask you how to stop Old Larrys lactation


Elmer: Ok simply lick the parmesan.


Narrator: Old Larry agrees and licks it. Now he is cured but severely depressed.


Elmer: I will return you to your own time old one.


Brian: Thank you Elmer how can we ever repay you.


Elmer: Set me free please


Timmy: Ok


Narrator: Timmy pulls out a vile and puts one hair of Elmers in it.


Timmy: Now we wait 6 to 7 business days.


Narrator: After the weight a cloned Elmer appears.


Timmy: Now you can roam the multiverse as an all powerful god while this clone takes your place


Elmer: Thank you. In return, you can call on my aid at any time. 


Larry: How will we contact you?


Elmer: Here, take this magic conch shell. Now go finish your adventure.


Narrator: He sends them back to their shopping spree.


Larry: Now what, it looks like nothing could go wrong.


Narrator: Lightning strikes them all. Clichenie is zapped away and the rest of the lounge is teleported to an underground lair.


Zoros: Hello I'm zoros and to find your friend you are gonna become power rangers


Cambry: Let’s Roll


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 8: Go go Powur Rangers


Help me make the next one Brian