


Narrator: It has been one universe shattering snap since their last adventure. We open on Larry adrift in space. He keeps a log using his suit’s remaining power.


Larry: hey guys. It's me. Day 12 of being stuck out here. I really miss cheeseburgers. I will run out of food in 4 days and water in 2 days. I miss you guys. Ballen out. 

Narrator: He passes out in the captain's chair, assumed to be dead. He wakes up to a blinding light outside the cockpit of the ship. He squints enough to see it is a man radiating with energy. He smiles upon Larry and is the one and only Tommy Timmy Thompson. He flies the ship back to Earth where Larry is greeted by Brian. 


Brian: Thank god you're ok Larry


Larry: I lost the kid cap…. I lost BJ.


Brian: We all lost someone. Cambry, Clichenie, AB, even chill. All gone. 


Larry: Where is Timmy?


Narrator: They see Timmy sitting alone, loathing himself. 


Brian: He blames himself for the whole thing. 


Larry: PE really did it. He managed to wipe out half the universe. 


Brian: We will find him. Don't worry. He will pay for this. 


Tommy: I'm going to be the one to kill him


Larry: Tommy you look different. 


Tommy: Shut up. 


Larry: kid youve been in like 3 scripts, one of us has to do it


Tommy: shut up or ill get a new haircut


Narrator: Timmy stands up and stares face to face with his son. He summons his shank at full force and Tommy doesn't flinch


Timmy: I like this son. 


Tommy: shut up dad


Brian: Let's go get this son of a bish.


Carnival Cliche: Endgaem


Narrator: The losers fly off into space after receiving a huge power charge reading similar to the snap. They land on a farm planet and see PE harvesting boiled cabbage. When he sits down to eat Tommy pins PE against the floor and breaks six of his ribs. He notices PE is now scarred in da face. Larry bursts through the ceiling and uses 45 million nano lasers to slice off all major limbs on his body. Brian then walks in and slaps him across the face, shattering his skull.


PE: oh my god what the hell is wrong with you people! I just wanted to have some boiled cabbage, oh my…. Jesus christ, the PAIN! Oh my god, don’t talk anymore just slice my head off, end my life! Have the glove its useless anyways oh my fricken cod


Brian: Where are the stones?


PE: Gone, reduced to a reduction. 


Larry: All my scans show no signs of them. 


Timmy: What did you DO?


PE: I used the stones to destroy the stones. And it nearly killed me. What has happened will always happen. I am certain. Ok now you guys...


Narrator: Timmy slices off PE’s head. 

Larry: What did you do?


Timmy: I went for the head. 


Narrator: Five. Years. Later. Brian is at a support group for snap survivors. 

Stan Lee: I had a whole family before this thing. Now all I got are my comic books and cameos. 

Brian: We have to remember that we are still here. PE should've killed all of us. 

Brian: okay psychopath


Stan Lee: That was a terrible motivational speech. 

Brian: Sorry I'm preparing for a big one. 


Narrator: Across the galaxy at the space 7/11, the freezer for ice cream opens and the cashier emerges. 


Cashier: I gotta get to earth NOW. 


Narrator: Brian returns to a now empty headquarters and sees Cashier waiting outside. 


Brian: Cashier! You're alive!

Cashier: Yes. I was hiding in my freezer and I got stuck. I would have come sooner. 


Brian: Yeah five years is a long time in a freezer. 


Cashier: FIVE YEARS!


Narrator: Brian gets him up to speed. 


Cashier: Hmm

Brian: what is it?


Cashier: For me it was 5 days. 


Brian: Thats some crazy time relativity stuff. 

Cashier: Maybe we can use my freezer to make some sort of time machine. 


Brian: That sounds great. We could go back and get the stones before PE finds them and reverse this reality. We might need some smarty pants help. 


Narrator: Brian and Cashier drive off into the woods in the all new nissan altima and arrive at a cabin. They see Larry hammering away at his latest project. 


Brian: Hey pal


Larry: What do you want?


Brian: We might have found a way back. To fix everything PE ruined. 


Cashier: Time travel


Larry: You do realize that cambry came with the only known time machine in the universe. It would take years to recreate it. Also I have a life now. I even have an AI. 


Cashier: huh


Narrator: Larry twists a screw and a hologram appears.

Vultron: Hello. I am vultron, Mr. Ballen’s artificial intelligence program. Cheerio. 


Larry: I got too much to lose. This is just one of the many game changers I've done in the past years. Not interested. 


Brian: Alright. Have a good life Larry. 


Narrator: They walk back to their car. 


Cashier: That's it?  

Brian: he’ll come around. Trust me. 

Cashier: Still. We should do some time travel trials to test the idea. 


Brian: Ok


Narrator: Brian and Cashier hook the freezer up to advanced machinery as Cashier prepares to travel through time. 

Brian: Ready?


Cashier: Ready. 


Narrator: Brian pushes a button that turns cashier into an old man. He quickly does it again to make him a baby. Finally he turns it off and reverts Cashier to himself. 


Cashier: Ow my hip and I'm teething. 


Brian: I see this as an absolute win. 


Narrator: After brian and cashier had left, Larry could not stop thinking about the idea of time travel. He spent the rest of that night studying the concept and at 12:01 he cracked it. 


Larry: Holy Hell I did it! Vultron we leave for the HQ first thing tomorrow. 


Vultron: Sounds splendid sir. 


Narrator: Larry arrives outside of the old headquarters and sees Brian worrying after failing at time travel. 


Larry: Lemme guess, you turned Cashier into a baby. Rookie mistake. Good thing I fixed it. Fully functional time travel device.(shows device)


Brian: thats great Larry

Larry: I have one request. If we can bring everyone back that would be great. But under no circumstances can I lose what I have now. 


Brian: Deal. 

Larry: One more thing.

Narrator: Larry reaches into his trunk and pulls out Brian’s Hyrulean Shield. 


Larry: Found it somewhere in Europe for some reason. Thought you’d want it back.

Brian: Trout-tastic. 


Larry: If we are doing this we are going to need a team. 


Brian: I got a few ideas. 


Narrator: Cashier sits outside eating a taco when a jet lands inches away from him, knocking it out of his hands. Out of it comes Larry holding a google home and an alexa system. 

Larry: Lo siento taco. 


Narrator: Larry single handedly builds android housing units for google and alexa, giving them mobility and consciousness.


Alexa: Hello?


Google: Where are we? What year is it?

Narrator: Larry tells Google and Alexa about how they were powered off and the passing of Cambry.


Google: So you need us to save the entire universe? Wow thats a lot of search results. 


Alexa: If we can bring our brother back then by all means. Let's roll!


Brian: I guess it runs in the family. 


Larry: Ok who else you got coming?


Brian: Cashier is on his way to go get him. 


Narrator: We cut to cashier travelling the countryside to a Jack in the box. There he sees Alex’s Brother slinging burgers. 


AB: Hey Cashier. What's the haps?


Cashier: Is he here?


AB: Yeah but he won't see you. He comes out once a month for (looks at grease bowl) supplies. 


Cashier: He’ll see me. 


Narrator: Cashier walks into the back room of the Jack in the Box and sees it is organized as if someone lived there. In the corner the TV is playing Fortnite and across the room in a chair is Timmy. 


Timmy: CASHIER OLD FRIEND!


Narrator: Timmy stands up to reveal he is still ripped but now has…..cankles. 


Cashier: You really let yourself go. 


Timmy: The muscle just melted together after some time. But I am happy here messing with internet children. 


Cashier: We found a way to fix everything PE did. 


Narrator: Timmy’s smile fades as he turns around to stare Cashier in the face. 


Timmy: Don't….say that name. 


Cashier: I know that you think it was your fault that everything happened but it wasn't. We all failed. Now we have a chance to bring it all back. What do you say?


Timmy: No


Cashier: I got pringles on the ship. 


Narrator: Timmy smiles. They return to base where Brian lays out the plan. 


Brian: Believe it or not we have all encountered at least one of the stones. Google and Alexa. You guys have seen the Cliche stone. Once you retrieve that I will also send you to find the Logic stone on the planet TTT. 


Google and Alexa: Sounds good. 


Brian: Larry I need you to retrieve the narrator stone. Go back 4 scripts and then proceed. 


Larry: Why 4 exactly and what does the stone even do?


Brian: The narrator stone is the source of all narration. It gives off an energy signature when narration occurs. Four scripts ago we got our powers and Narrator described a lot of stuff. It would be the easiest place to track down the stone.  


Larry: Affirmatory. 


Brian: Timmy I need you to retrieve the secondary stone. The only known location of it is in the canyon with James Corden. Go back to the road trip so that he is caught off guard. I also need you to retrieve the thyme stone from the greater clichenie before BJ inherited it. Go back like i don't know 12,000 years or something.   


Timmy: I'm on it. 


Brian: As for me I'm going to go back to my fight and steal the power stone. After we win we return the stones to the exact time we found them.  


Timmy: Cashier, stay back and man the machine. 


Cashier: Don't gotta tell me twice. 


Narrator: They all suit up in time suits Larry designed and walk to the time machine platform while Brian talks via voiceover. 


Brian: We all have enough juice to get us where we need to go and back. No slip ups. No mistakes. We all lost someone important five years ago. And now is our chance to fix our mistakes and bring everyone back. 


Narrator: They make it to the platform. 


Brian: Together we can succeed in righting the wrongs PE created. 


Larry: What if we lose?


Brian: Then we’ll do that together too. 


Google:(to Timmy) Holy hell i got goosebumps


Timmy: its his gift. 


Brian: Godspeed team. 


Timmy: For chill.


Google and Alexa: For Cambry


Larry: For BJ


Brian: For AB and Clichenie. Now as Cambry would say….Let's roll.  


Narrator: Cashier flips a switch and they proceed to travel through time. They all branch off to their separate times and get to work. We now see Timmy arriving at the canyon during the road trip. He hides in the brush while his past self converses with the secondaries. 


Timmy: I'm here to get the dank flower


James: You will never climb out


Timmy: My dead grandma motivates me!


Narrator: He sees himself climb out and hears James mumble something. He then hops out of the brush. 


JC: AAH! Heaven Almighty! Didn't you just climb out with the flower?


Timmy: That was me in the past. I'm here for the secondary stone. 


Narrator: JC’s face hardens as he motions for his followers to leave him and Timmy alone.


JC: Why do you seek the power of the stone? 


Timmy: In the future a bunch of bad stuff happens and I can undo it if you give me the stone. 


JC: Fine. You can have it…by earning it in RITUAL COMBAT.  


Narrator: JC snaps his fingers and Aquaman emerges from a puddle. 


Timmy: What the heck? Why is Aquaman here?


JC: He is my mercenary since I can't trust the secondaries to do anything. 


Aquaman: i'm gonna kill you land dweller.


Timmy: Bring it on fishstick. 

Narrator: Timmy summons shankbreaker but it is pinned down by aquaman’s trident. 


Aquaman: Good luck picking that up. 


Timmy: I still got fists. 


Narrator: Timmy starts punching aquaman but can't deal any damage. Aquaman throws him literally out of the canyon. 


Aquaman: You're a failure. You aren't worthy of anything!


Narrator: Timmy sees a flashback of his failure to kill PE which haunts him everyday. He manages to suppress the nightmare. 


Timmy: I know I have failed. But I'm trying to make things right. And nobody is going to stop me. 

Narrator: Timmy extends his hand. Miles away past Timmy sees his shank fly out of Cambry’s window. It soars straight into Timmy’s hand proving that he is still worthy. 


Aquaman: Oh carp.


Narrator: Timmy then summons shankbreaker and now dual wields the shanks. He jumps straight into the canyon onto Aquaman, wounding Aquaman’s left arm.


Timmy: That was for what you do to future brian. 


Narrator: As he prepares to make the kill James stops him. 


JC: Holy hell dude chill! Why are you so violent? The ritual combat is chess! You both are insane! Take the stone and leave please!


Narrator: Timmy takes the stone and teleports away to the thyme stone. We now see Google and Alexa on the day of the carnival. They sneak to the Clichenie Machine and see the stone in the dirt. They also see their human selves walking towards the machine. 


Alexa: What do we do?


Google: I got it.


Narrator: The human versions almost make it to the machine before a message on the PA system blares. 


Google: Free stuff! FREE STUFF! GET IT NOW SOMEWHERE NOT HERE!


Narrator: They see Cambry run towards the not real free stuff. This gives Alexa enough time to grab the stone. 


Alexa: Easy Peasy.  


Google: Yeah. I guess let's head towards the next stone. 


Narrator: As they leave we see Larry burst into the past. He lands at the six flags where they beat Hitman to a pulp. 


Larry: Vultron, target that energy signature. 


Vultron: Yes sir. 


Narrator: Now with a map Larry flies off into space. Little does he know that in the process of taking off he dropped his go pro body camera detailing all future events. Hitman limping away from the battle finds the camera. He takes it to the Galactic Co. where he is supposed to meet PE.


PE: Hey Hitman I've spent so much time here I built a literal spaceship the size of the state of new york. 


Hitman: PE I've been watching this footage from a camera I found and it looks like the future. 


PE: Really? Let me see. 


Narrator: PE glimpses at his future including his victory. 


PE: I won. I can't believe it. Show me everything. 


Narrator: Meanwhile, Larry makes it to the Fifth Wall aka Narratorland. At the center is the glowing gem guarded by the dadrator. 


Dadrator: Hello young Larry. Or should I say old Larry. 


Larry: How did you know I was from the future?


Dadrator: As the guardian of the stone I hear all narration. You and your friends keep yourselves quite busy. 


Larry: Then you know I need the stone. 


Dadrator: Yes. And I'm willing to comply. But there is one issue. 


Larry: Which is?


Dadrator: You would have to narrate yourself getting it. But if you mess up you will disintegrate. 


Larry: Gulp. Well let's see. 


Narrator: He steps in front of the….wait larry it's your turn. 


Larry: Larry walks towards the gem and reaches out for it. His hand burns as he touches it. He quickly grabs it away and puts it in a container. 


Dadrator: Well done. As a reward for wielding the stone I will give you the highest power among narrators...one incredibly illogical but helpful narration. May you use it in a time of need. 


Narrator: Larry is handed a small emoji figure


Larry: I'm gonna save that for something big.  


Dadrator: Now get back to your time and bring the stone back as soon as you can. 


Larry: Sure thing mr. dadrator. 


Narrator: Larry teleports back into the present. We now see Timmy who has now landed on planet cligenie centuries ago. He heads into town where The Greater Clichenie is predicting futures. He approaches. 

Timmy: Hello sir. I need to talk to you on behalf of your two sons. 


Narrator: TGC stares at Timmy in shock and pulls him into an alleyway. 

TGC: How do you know I have two children. You are about 10,000 years too early. 


Timmy: I'm from the future and I need the thyme stone. 


TGC: Do you understand time at all child! If I gave you the stone thousands of alternate timelines would be created, causing massive disturbance in the multiverse. 


Timmy: yes. But if we return the stone to the exact second we get it, the other timelines will have never happened. 


TGC: Still it is too risky.


Timmy: Then why did BJ give it away. 


TGC: What?


Timmy: BJ. He gave the stone to PE. He surrendered it.


TGC: If my son surrendered the stone then he must have seen something in the future of massive importance. 


Narrator: TGC gives the stone to Timmy.


TGC: Go. Fulfill your destiny. 


Narrator: Timmy portals into the future. We now see Brian return to the night of his fight. He watches marky mark drop the stone and run out of the ring but he grabs it before marky can. Past Brian sees this. 


PB: Hey I'm hyped up on adrenaline wanna fight me kid?!


Brian: No I'm alright. 


PB: You coward FIGHT ME!


Brian: I need to stop drinking G Fuel. 


Narrator: Both Brians are now in the ring. 


PB: You're going down tubby. 


Brian: YOU'RE THE TUBBY!


Narrator: Brian proceeds to knock out past Brian, giving him enough time to escape with the stone. 


Brian: Alright now to just head on home. 


Narrator: As he activates the time travel device he notices that he plugged in the wrong time. He now arrives back at the carnival and sees it has been packed up and moved.

Brian: This must be when it moved to new york. 


Narrator: The only thing that remains is the now repaired Fried Chilli Cheese Dog restaurant which is now a standalone place. 


Brian: It's beautiful. I thought it was gone forever. 


Narrator: His time machine begins to beep, signaling it is running low on fuel. He quickly wipes away his tears and teleports to the future. We now see Google and Alexa arriving at the planet TTT to retrieve the final stone, the logic stone. They reach the peak of the mountain and find Malboi 


Malboi: Do you wish to wield the logic stone?


Both: Yeah pretty much. 

Malboi: follow me. 


Narrator: Malboi leads them to the cliff. 

Malboi: Sacrifice that which you love to obtain the stone. 


Google: Wait.


Alexa: It all makes sense. PE came with his son and returned with the stone. One of us has to take the plunge. 


Narrator: They spend the next ten minutes talking and thinking about what they should do. 


Google: i'll do it. The world needs you Alexa.


Alexa: Are you crazy!? I'll do it. Decided. 


Google: You're going to half to race me then. 


Alexa: If I have to. 


Narrator: Alexa shocks Google dazing him. She runs towards the cliff but Google grapples her to the ground and starts running himself. Alexa fires off a sonic blast and she runs off the cliff. As she falls google manages to grab her hand. They lay dangling off the side of the mountain. 


Alexa: You have to let me go. 


Google: I don't want to!


Alexa: Its alright. I'll be fine. Tell Cambry and Dad I lobe them. 


Narrator: She breaks free of Google’s grip. 


Google: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!


Narrator: She falls until she reaches the ground. The sky opens and Google wakes up in shallow water with the stone in his hand. He cries and teleports home. Everyone now arrives at the present. They all look at each other. 


Cashier: Did you guys do it?


Narrator: They see Google in tears and understand that Alexa is gone. They go outside to think.


Timmy: we can bring her back. 


Google: No we can't. Its impossible. 


Larry: Then let's make sure her life was not in vain. 


Brian: Larry is right. We can mourn later. Right now we have to focus on bringing everyone else back. 


Narrator: They spend the next several hours working on another gauntlet.     


Google: in the name of my fallen siblings, lets roll…


Narrator: a few hours later, dripping with sweat, emerges a Larry with a brand new gauntlet


Brian: why you sweat so much


Larry: huh, oh yeah i finished the gauntlet like an hour ago, i was just on the treadmill


Brian: okay so whats the deal with this gauntlet


Larry: well its pretty much exactly like the other one, except it for right hands only, and it can stretch or something for big hands


Brian: dang it, you know im left handed


Larry: come on, you know you couldnt…


Narrator: the eyes shift over to google, who is the only right handed person in the room


Google: ill do it, its like, i was made for this


Timmy: yeah if i was right handed i would totally do it, you know, because im the strongest person and all heh heh


Google: ok, anyways, is this gonna hurt


Larry: ok, so im thinking 1 of 2 responses right now. You see, i could say, thats its going to be a breeze, so you dont panic


Google: ok…


Larry: or i could tell you that its probably going to be the most painful experience of your life and to 99% of life in the universe fatal, just so you, you know, aren’t surprised


Google: ok im starting to reconsider....


Larry: too late!


Narrator: Larry activates a force field around the room they’re in, and everyone proceeds to suit up in one way or another. Larry takes a look at Google and activates his robot arms to slowly maneuver the stones into the gauntlet. Google closes his eyes for a couple of seconds to be sent with a shockwave of pain


Google: OUCHIE OUCHIE OWWIWIEIEIEI oWWWW


Narrator: google curls his hand into a snapping formation and does the thing. After a long moment of silence and fade to white, we cut back to our heroes.


Timmy: did it work?


Google: ow, oh My GOODNESS my 26gb fuel plus engine with other computer jargon is burnt off


Timmy: it could be worse


Google: idiot, i saved US!


Timmy: yeah we don’t know that yet


Narrator: suddenly, a phone lights up, but it takes everyone way too long to notice. Its larry's phone


Phone guy: Jesus there you are, why'd it take you so long to pick up? Oh wait, i know exactly WHY! Because your RINGER IS OFF


Narrator: everyone giggles in the background


Larry: yeah ok whatever guy (hangs up)


Brian: ok so what was that about


Larry: just a phone guy


Timmy: so, we still don’t know if….


Larry: HOLY COD IT WORKED.


Timmy: wait was that phone guy snapped away


Larry: yep, it says here on my snap stats


Narrator: please dont sue us out of context


Brian: yay guys we did it


Narrator: suddenly, the ground shakes at approximately 5.7 on the richter scale


Larry: actually, my suit says its a 5.4


Narrator: shut up. Anyways, a literal entire ship emerges from Larrys time travel junk. Dust fills the sky and a crater is formed. 


Timmy: how the….


Hitman p: dont leave your go pro detailing future events on the floor next time. 


Timmy: darn it


Narrator: also inside that ship is a slightly younger, slightly less fat, slightly older, slightly more buff, slightly less cultured PE (everyone gasps)


PE: I see why you guys wanted those stones so badly. Just to reverse all the efforts i went through. Sad, especially considering i was doing a favor for you guys


Timmy: FAVOR?


PE: with less idiots on this planet, the less traffic there is, which is really annoying, isn’t it?


Timmy: a minor inconvenience, but killing half the universe seems a bit overkill doesn’t it


PE: yeah, i guess in the end i also wanted an easier job, i mean look at me, im lazy. I just give a ticket to everyone or don’t care


Timmy: yeah u suk


PE: shut up I'LL KILL THE EARTH


Brian: ok, larry, timmy and I will take down PE. the rest of you, get his minions. Prepare for the fight of your lives


Google: oh yeah guys what do i do about the gauntlet and stones now


Larry: shut it!


Narrator: suddenly, hitman p rams his sub spaceship into google and cashier deep underground


Cashier: get up. Get up man! GET UP!


Google: huh, am i dead


Cashier: don’t be dramatic, before he crashed into us i created a forcefield around us


Google: ok, wheres hitman


Cashier: i think a better question is, wheres the GAUNTLET!?!?!


Google: Get him!


Narrator: After chasing for a while, hitman turns around and shoots a laser, which Cashier deflects, into the gauntlet in hitmans hands. It falls to the ground


Hitman: dont MOVE!


Narrator: both stand completely still. Hitman shoots google in the knee


Google: whyd you shoot man!


Hitman p: shut up, and if you move as well, ill kill you right here


Cashier: jesus you used to be a psychopath, what happened man


Hitman p: what do you mean?


Cashier: man you used to be a genuine villain. You should see what you’re like now, you’ve gone soft


Hitman p: i’ve gone soft huh? Ok, so whats gonna stop me from shooting you right here


Hitman: me (points gun at hitman)


Hitman p: what are you doing you idiot?


Hitman: dont hurt these guys


Hitman p: all they’ve done is hurt you though!


Hitman: look, that may be true, sometimes, like especially when i was just hanging out with my family and all, but…


Hitman p: but what?


Hitman: im just saying, maybe killing isn’t the answer here


Narrator: hitman p laughs to himself


Hitman p: oh cashier, you were right. My future self has gone soft. But i will make sure i won’t end up that way


Narrator: hitman shoots hitman P as google and cashier annihilate hitman p and steal back the gauntlet. Hitman is wounded badly


Cashier: hitman, are you alright?


Hitman: what do you care, i know you guys dont care about me, i'm the villain after all


Cashier: then why'd you save us


Hitman: i don’t know, its just, you guys gave me something to do, something to work towards, and while we were enemies, i guess you could say we were also friends. Unlike that jerk, that guy has no friends. You know, im really glad i was able to be the main antagonist of some of your guys’ adventures


Google: what are you saying…


Hitman: don’t worry about it, just defeat PE, save the day


Narrator: hitman dies


Cashier: (crying) wow, an actual genuine character arc


Narrator: we cut back to our Larry and Timmy, and they’ve been watching PE for the past hour.


Brian: whats the report


Timmy: hes just been sitting there


PE: you know, ive known you guys for a long time and the biggest trait you guys share, besides annoyance, randomness, awfulness, awkwardness, etc is persistence


Timmy: uh, thanks i guess


PE: you guys are so persistent. Too persistent for your own good. You guys had it right, but you couldn’t accept your small losses, in exchange for the rise of good traffic obedience once again


Brian: you killed our friends! How is that any better than a little bit of less traffic


PE: jeez. I didn’t know you guys were so reliant on your dumb car. You know what, that thing is the true bane of my existence. I mean, you guys are annoying, but if you think about it, hes the one whos committing most of the traffic crimes. You guys should’ve found a new car, gotten over it, its just a car/


Narrator: Timmy’s eyes fill with lightning and rage. 


Larry: what about the others, announcer boat, chill, you gonna try to justify those too


PE: (gets up) no, i won’t. Too late for that. I’ve made up my mind. Instead of trying to help the pedestrians of this planet, i’ve decided that they’re too ungrateful for my good acts. Instead, im going to do what i was born to do, to pull over every single atom left on this planet until it is nothing.


Brian: then bring it on


PE: they don’t call me an enforcer for nothing


Narrator: PE pulls out a giant traffic sign sword. The 3 run towards him and start powuring. Larry shoots lasers at PE, who deflects them back to Larrys suit, which harnesses the energy giving him 5000% power


Timmy: Larry! Shoot me


Larry: got it


Narrator: Larry shoots all the power in Timmys direction who harnesses the power in combination with lightning at PE


Brian: hey larry, do the same thing again, but to me!


Larry: ok


Narrator: Larry shoots energy straight for Brians shield, but PE grabs the shield, and Brian gets lasered. PE runs towards Larry with the shield, bouncing the power into Larry. He gets sent back 50 million light years away


Timmy: overkill much?


Narrator: PE makes eye contact with timmy


Timmy: shoot


Narrator: PE and timmy have a straight up sword battle, too which Timmy starts off winning. He double lightning zaps PE, stunning him, but PE then grabs one of his arm and throws his shanks far away. Then timmy starts suking. 


Timmy: help!!


Narrator: Timmy tries getting shankbreaker back, but PE intercepts it and starts slicing him


Timmy: I REALLY NEED HELP!


Narrator: PE is 2 centimeters away from slicing off his abs. Suddenly, from 300 yards away, Timmys original shank starts zapping and slowly rising. A whoosh is then heard from the flying shank which strikes PE, but instead of returning to Timmy, flies to Brian.


Timmy: I knew it!


Narrator: PE punches timmy then faces Brian. At full ginger speed, he runs towards PE shanking him across the face. He throws his shield and throws the shank against it kapowing the guy in da face. He throws both sword and shank for double slice. He raises lightning from the gods of cod and electrozaps him really hard. PE gains his footing back and proceeds to body slam Brian. He then swings his traffic sword towards brian which brian blocks. Surprisingly, PE continues to swing and breaks the shield into fragments. Half remains on Brians wrist. PE then stabs Brian with a piece of shield, sending him to the ground. 

PE: There is no point resisting. 


Narrator: Brian looks at Timmy writhing in pain and Larry flying home. He then sees PE’s entire military force behind PE. Brian rises to his feet, tightens his shield, and begins to walk forward. He then hears static on his comms. 


AB: Cap? You there?


Brian: AB?


AB: On your left


Narrator: Brian sees a pourtal open behind him. AB emerges from it. Brian smiles the size of jake. Next comes Cambry in full transformer form. Chill casually walks out of the pourtal. Behind them trails the entire secondary army of the canyon. More pourtals begin to open. Phil and BJ emerge from space, Phil still looking for dave. Guy is there. Larry makes it home and sees Vultron in his exoskeleton. Thousands of armies and allies from across the multiverse flow into the battlefield. Ray Liotta, Kevin Hart, the bootleg squadron. 


Carby: yeah


Narrator: They all line up as Brian summons the shank and says the famous words. 


Brian: LOSERS!!!!!! Assemble.


Cambry: LETS ROLL!!!


Narrator: The entire cliche force charges towards PE who points his blade signalling the craziest battle ever seen. Larry and Vultron take down the air defenses. The thugs prove they are better than the secondemons. Baljeet sends a bunch of secondemons to the valleys of kashmir. Phil goes on a rampage asking every enemy if they killed dave right before he kills them. All of the sudden phil turns towards the time travel device. He sees a man on it. He quickly approaches and points a gun to the back of the guy’s head. 


Phil: DID YOU KILL DAVE?


Dave: Phil?


Narrator: He turns around to reveal it is actually Dave from right before he died. 


Dave: PHIL?!
Phil:DAVE?!?!??!?!??!


Narrator: Dave and Phil hug.


Phil: How is this even possible?


Dave: Dave and Phil always find a way. 


Narrator: They buddy up and kill some bass. Larry flies over to BJ who is slaying everything in sight. 


Larry: Hey BJ! You said that we won in one timeline. Tell me this is it. 


BJ: If I tell you. It won't happen. 

Narrator: Google approaches PE.


Google: You took EVERYTHING from me. Except Cambry and my dad. 


PE: I don't even know who you are.


Narrator: Google manages to put PE into a slightly uncomfortable chokehold. PE resorts to his secret weapon. 


PE: THE RING OF FIRE!


Narrator: PE’s biggest ship begins firing lasers towards the earth. The cligenies protect the troops but it won't be enough. Suddenly the lasers point out into the sky. 


Larry: Vultron whats happening?


Vultron: Something has entered the upper atmosphere. 


Narrator: A bright light collides with the ship. It starts to lose altitude and explode. Out of the top flies Tommy, radiating with energy. 


Tommy: A wise man would probably say POW right around now. 

Narrator: Throughout the fight the gauntlet has been passed around to avoid PE getting it. Phil catches it and sits in a hole. Jacob comes to help. 


Jacob: Hey dude. You got something for me?


Phil: How you plan on getting through that?


Abby: Don't worry she’s got help.


Narrator: All of Abby’s boyfriends appear and kick some serious secondary bass. Not surprisingly, Jacob trips and falls, dropping the gauntlet. PE picks up the gauntlet but Tommy appears. Tommy almost prys the gauntlet off before being knocked out by a direct hit from the power stone. Larry quickly looks at BJ who holds up a single finger. PE reaches for the gauntlet but Larry grabs it from the other end. They have a tug of war before PE knocks Larry to his knees. PE secures the gauntlet. 


PE: I told you. I. Am. Certain. 


Narrator: PE snaps but nothing happens. He looks at the gauntlet and sees that the stones are missing. He then sees Larry who now has the stones embedded in his suit. Energy pulses through Larry. With his last breath he says. 


Larry: And I….am…..Cliche.


Snaps


Narrator: All of PE’s forces begin to crumble into dust. PE himself sits down on a rock and slowly turns to ash. The celebration is short lived. The warriors all gaze on a dying Larry. Vultron runs up to comfort him.


Vultron: Master Ballen? MASTER BALLEN? We won sir. We won.


Narrator: Larry smiles. Vultron in tears is pulled away. Brian now kneels at Larry’s feet. 


Brian: Hey buddy. Its ok. You can rest now. 


Narrator: Larry uses the last of his energy to hand brian something. 


Larry: Use it well. 


Narrator: And with that sentence Larry passes away. Every soldier on the battlefield kneels as a sign of respect. We now go back to the cabin where Larry lives. A funeral service had just been held and everyone is morning. Vultron is seen with cashier. 

Cashier: How are you doing pal?


Vultron: I want cheeseburger.  


Cashier: I give you good price. 


Narrator: As Larry’s service ends Timmy and Brian meet up. 


Timmy: What is it Brian?


Brian: Before Larry died he gave me this.


Narrator: Brian reveals the emoji figure from dadrator.


Timmy: Great Scott! We can bring him back. Maybe even everyone else that died too. Clichenie, James Corden, some other third thing. 


Brian: Great idea. Alright here it goes. Larry among the rest of the fallen return from the dead. 


Narrator: The earth once again stands still. They see a swirl of leaves that dissipate to reveal Larry and Clichenie. The emoji disappears


Larry: GUYS!!!


Both: LARRY!


Narrator: they bro fist 


Clichenie: I run on gasoline now!


All: YAY!


Narrator: They celebrate and Elmer appears. 


Elmer: Good job children. Now to thank you for your service, close your eyes
Larry: okay


Elmer: surprise! All your powurs are gone


Timmy: Why? 


Elmer: Plot dear boy….plot. 


Timmy: at least i still have abs and shank

Larry: I'm a little powered out for a while. 


Brian: Wait give mine back I gotta do something.


Narrator: brian collects the stones and original shank and prepares to return them. 


Larry: You gonna do something stupid. 


Brian: yeah probably


Narrator: Brian teleports away. 


Cashier: He should've been back by now!


Narrator: Larry smiles and walks towards a bench where an old man is sitting. 

Larry: How was it?


Brian: Wouldn't you like to know Larry?

Cambry: Jeez you're old now. 
Brian: nah just wiser, and a little fatter


Timmy: You know what this means boys?


All: WE OBVIOUSLY HAVE TO FIND THE FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH!


Larry: But seriously brian what did you spend seventy adventures doing.


Brian: I just gave you an obvious clue


Narrator: They walk into the sunset and see Brian wearing FCCD merch. We end on the FCCD restaurant and Brian inside eating in peace to slow dance music. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 71: The Fountain of Yewth