

Narrator: It has been a very long time since their last adventure. After the incredible events of Endgaem the losers are now in search of the fountain of youth. 


Larry: Alright team where do we start?


Clichenie: Well using my keen sense of plot the first step in finding the fountain of youth is talking to the cashier. The dude knows almost more than me. 


Timmy: Alright let’s roll. 

Cambry: What he said!


Narrator: They all pile into Cambry except for a decrepit old brian slowly inching towards the vehicle. 


Timmy: Come on man we are gonna be late to our funerals at this rate. 
Brian: Shut your trap youngin. Do you have any idea what eating Fried Chilli Cheese Dogs for over 70 scripts does to a person. My blood is just chilli at this point. Intestines are sausage links. Add old age and I am basically a walking burger king whopper. 


Cambry: Quit your whining. Here.


Narrator: Cambry pops his hood and a cartridge of a liquid is shot into Brian's arm. The liquid injects itself into him. 


Brian: What the hell was that?!


Cambry: Nitrous.


Brian: What the hell I am not TURBO!


Narrator: All of the sudden Brian’s posture gets better, his skin gets a little brighter, and he has all of his teeth again.


Brian: I'm a born again man! Scoot over I call shotgun!


Timmy: Do we even need to find the fountain anymore?


Brian: Duh I still have the body of a seventy five year old snake with glaucoma. 


Narrator: They roll to the nearest 7/11 to see it in ruin. They walk inside to see the cashier writhing on the floor in fear.


Larry: Cashier you ok?


Cashier: It was horrible. A masked man came into my store, bought a fudge pop, and then trashed my store until I gave him the map to the fountain of youth.


Timmy: That's odd. Do you remember where it led? 

Cashier: Oh yeah here is another one.


Narrator: He pulls out a copy of the map and hands it to Larry.


Timmy: What the hell?


Cashier: I sell them for 4.50 a piece. But for you guys it is free. 


Larry: Thanks Cashier. See ya. 


Narrator: They take to the streets


Cambry: Setting course for Jack in the Box.


Brian: Why Jack in the Box?

Cambry: According to the map a man at Jack in the Box knows the rest of the information regarding the location of the fountain. 


Larry: Since when were you smart? Whatever. Onward!


Narrator: They arrive at the Jack in the Box and find Alex’s Brother in a full robe sitting in the center of the room meditating. 


Cambry: What the gelatin?


AB: Oh hey guys. What do you want? Jack Burger and fries?


Larry: Always my friend but right now we come to you in search of knowledge. 


Timmy: What do you know about the fountain of youth?


AB: Ah. That is what you seek. Well then let me tell you the story of the fountain of youth. According to legend the fountain had the power to restore anyone to the desired age. Unfortunately nowadays the power of the fountain has been diluted to just curing fatal illnesses. But lucky for you I happen to study Jack in Box Alchemy. I can perform the youth ritual if you bring me a bottle of sauce from the fountain. I already did one today but that was my last batch. 


Timmy: Ok several questions. One why do you know Jack in the Box alchemy? Two who did you give your last batch two? That's it.


AB: Oh some guy in a mask eating a fudge pop.


Cambry: Cambry! I mean Gasp!


AB: As for why I know alchemy it's because I work here. I use spells to make the food here slow down your metabolism and increase your appetite. It's just business. 


Larry: Ok remind me to never eat here again.


Cambry: So where do we gotta roll?

AB: They call it the cavern of eternal youth. I call it a cave. 


Narrator: Alex’s brother gives them the coordinates and proceeds with praying to the grease gods. They arrive outside of the cave at night. Cambry’s headlights are the only source of light for miles. 


Cambry: This place gives me the creeps. 


Larry: Cambry you eat CDs I think the creeps are the least of your concerns.


Narrator: After wandering through the cave they find a room filled with ancient text from wall to wall. In the center of the room is a glorious marble fountain spewing a liquid similar to sparkling cider with those little gold flakes in it. The glorious display is short lived. The fountain runs dry revealing a truck attached to the fountain now full of the youth. Out of the drivers seat comes a man in a mask. 


Larry: Yo who the hell a flippin you?


Narrator: The masked man lowers his mask to reveal he is none other than PE!


Brian: Impossible…


Timmy: I watched him die...twice.


Larry: I gave my life to end you….how?


PE: Oh you can thank Brian for that.


Narrator: As PE smiles sinisterly the group remembers the exact phrasing of brian's wish to bring back Larry among with the rest of the fallen. 


Brian: This is all my fault. 


PE: Relax I don't think I am shooting for world domination again any time soon. I just realized that I could die at any moment so why not beat death.


Timmy: How can you beat death?


PE: Immortality. One of the hidden fast food arts that Alex’s Brother will perform for me. Only issue is that it costs the full fountain which won't replenish for several hundred years. 


Brian: *Cracks neck* I am getting too old for this shnit. 


Narrator: Brian now hyped up on painkillers and nitrous runs directly into PE, slamming him into the side of the truck. 


Cambry: That is something I would have done! You are a good role model Brian.


PE: Jesus Christ I forgot I can't fight anymore oh god I am in immense pain. 

Narrator: PE drinks a sip of the fountain of youth. He gets a powerup similar to Brian and throws Brian off of him and runs away.


PE: Till we meet again losers.


Larry: Holy hell Brian has the skeleton of a baby bird we gotta heal him fast. 


Narrator: After returning the sauce to the fountain Larry bottles up a gallon of it and they head back to Alex’s Brother.


AB: Alright here you go. One youth potion courtesy of yours truly.


Narrator: Brian drinks the potion. He falls to the ground. Larry feels no pulse. 

Larry: YOU KILLED HIM!


AB: Give it a second. 


Narrator: Lightning strikes Brian’s decrepit body and revitalizes him to his younger years. 


Brian: Now I am literally a born again man!


All: We are all young again!


Timmy: Wait half of us were young to begin with.


Brian: Shut up we did it.


Larry: Ok now what?


Brian: What do you mean?


Larry: Well at the end of everyone of these adventures something crazy happens that keeps us going. 


Brian: I’m tired. I think I am gonna take a nap.


Narrator:  All of the losers go to sleep and wake up the next morning. A cheerful intro song plays as Larry enters the kitchen.


Larry: Hey guys whats up?


Cambry: Uh the ceiling?


Narrator: A laugh track plays and Larry’s face grows stern. He looks around to notice the entire world is in black and white and Cambry is dressed as a fifties housewife. 


Brian: Guys what the hell is going on? Is this a youth side affect?


Timmy: I don't know.


Larry: Will you two worry warts just chill out….OK SOMETHING WRONG IS HAPPENING!


To be continued Carnival Cliche 72: Rebooted