
Narrator: It has been 3 drivers licenses since their last adventure. The losers are stuck in a sitcom like the fifties world.


Larry: I don’t get it we already did a sitcom script.


Brian: Yeah it doesn’t make any sense. 


Elmer: You fools


Cambry: Hey Elmer whats crackalackin?


Elmer: You drank from the fountain of youth didn't you.

Brian: I was old, it's not my fault. 


Elmer: look I can take you back to the present but I cannot protect you from the oncoming threats. The universe will seek to replace you with youth. 


Larry: What the hell. Ok


Elmer: Don’t think about it too much. Just try to look out for… anomalies (snaps, fade to white)


Cambry: Am i cars


Brian: huh. So I guess we’re snapped back to reality?


Larry: probably. I can’t stop thinking; what do you think Elmer meant by anomalies?


Timmy: Beats me. Until we are sure we’ll just continue living our lives and hopefully the problem goes away


Larry: Speaking of which, we should probably getting going to school by now


Cambry: lets roll (they roll; next scene they are just walking in a group on campus, Timmy is looking around squinting his eyes)


Larry: We got a good 20 minutes to burn so what should we do


Timmy: Bro I’ve been looking around for a while, and nothing looks different than our past world. Do you think Elmer was messing with us?


Brian: Maybe you’re looking to far into it


Timmy: If he warned us of it we definitely should’ve found it by now. (Cambry bumps into a car)


Cambry: oof. Sorry sir!


Lambo: (revs engine)


Barry: What do you think you’re doing skid mark?


Cambry: i said im sorry (sad)


Lambo: (revs louder and starts emitting large amounts of black carbon emissions, everyone coughs)


Brock: (coughs) ok Lambry jesus we get it


Barry: who do you losers think you are


Larry: oh yeah what is it to you


Timmy: (has an epiphany) (whispers to Larry) I think I found it! This is the anomaly.

Larry: (whispers back) what do you mean


Timmy: I’ve never seen these guys around before. And look at them! All of them are carbon copies of us, but cooler


Barry: You babies having a little baby talk party over there? Wanna share with the class?


Brian: (acts cool) Hey don’t talk to my friends like that


Brock: (snaps Brians right arm in half) shut up nerd

Brian: yes sir.


Larry: Look I don't wanna get ugly but I can! (pulls out heckabyte microchip)


Barry: Oh yeah?(pulls out gigabyte microchip) Got a few upgrades from Elmer.


Larry: WTH elmer why would you give them anything


Elmer: Oh those guys. They look cool!


Brian: Nice to know he isn't taking sides.


Elmer: sorry guys. That's just the rules. Even if you guys disappear for a second, the universe must have you replaced. Now that they’re here there's nothing I can do


Jimmy: Come on guys we are gonna be late for Strong Body.


Barry: Well said Jimathon. Later losers. 


Narrator: They drive off in lambo.


Lambo: BOOST!


Cambry: Damn that is sick as balls. 


Larry: Ok it looks like the universe is trying to replace us with meathead jock versions of ourselves. Except for Timmy he just got buffer. 


Elmer: Ok guys. I truly apologize. I like you guys and all, but as I said, there’s nothing I can do now. If you want to be the dominant group you’re just gonna have to beat them


Timmy: at what


Elmer: you’re just gonna have to beat them. I don’t know. Get popular, be cool, even kill them if you want whatever you gotta do to replace them.


Brian: you can’t just get rid of them.


Elmer: there has to be an equal exchange. I can’t just get rid of them with no other price


Timmy: Maybe we can prove our worth this way.


Narrator: Timmy points at a flyer for the Giga Awesome Mega Extreme S or. THE GAMES. 


Larry: Ok let's head to the quad before the games start.


Narrator: They go into the quad of the school and see their counterparts flexing and signing autographs. 


Girl: (Holding Barry’s bicep) Wow so what did you do after that?


Barry: Oh I just snapped my fingers and said “I am Cliche”. It was super cool and emotional. 

Larry: Aw hell naw! I literally died for the greater good of the universe and this guy is taking credit!


Barry: How could a loser like you do that. Plus, thats impossible, because we saved the world


Larry: yea, but but we did it cooler


Barry: trust me, we are way cooler than you guys


Timmy: You do realize we are just here to replace these guys.


Jimmy: Oh I see we got more confidence. 


Timmy: Nah. That’s literally just our purpose. We’re here to reclaim our spot in the world. There is no need for your guys existences anymore


Jimmy: Shut up you are going to die. Just wait for the games. See you in class…


Narrator: They lunge to class. 


Brian: damn Timmy you were cool for a sec


Timmy: I don’t like bullies. Also I feel no threat because my copy is just me but with 15 more pounds of muscles.


Teacher: Alright, and can anyway tell me what the square root of 52 is. (timmy raises hand within a millisecond)


Timmy: 7.21 ms teacher


Teacher: I’m afraid thats incorrect nerd. Any other guesses? (Jimmy raises hand)


Jimmy: 7.211


Teacher: good job Jimmy, you’re buff and you’ve got the smarts


Timmy: but but I got the smarts and i got baby buff


Jimmy: looks like you’re gonna have to step up your game nerd.


Narrator: The entire class laughs directly at Timmy. In a rage he shatters his pencil into dust and imprints a crater into the floor by pressing against it with his foot.


Larry: (to Timmy) Keep it together buddy. Save it for the games. 


Cambry: I didn’t even know those guys were in our class, even the car for gods sake

Lambo: (revs engine and yet again fills the entire room with carbon emissions, causing everyone to evacuate temporarily)


Teacher: CAMBRY!


Cambry: it wasn’t me it was that stupid motorized toaster over there


Teacher: impossible. Lambo is a good student, meanwhile you are always the one to pass gas


Lambo: Precisely Ms. Teacher. This delinquent has been kerfuffling all about the school grounds. I recommend his immediate suspension. Car joke ha. Ha. ha. (everyone laughs, bell rings)


Cambry: You play ball like a girl (dead silent)


Teacher: class dismissed. Oh Barry stay after class so I can stroke your muscles.


Brock: I too will stand by Barrys side and possibly also stroke his muscles


Barry: It ain't easy being Barry.


Larry: God I wanna shave every cell of his to its last atom. Crap i'm going into PE insanity. 


Timmy: (breaks pencil at just a touch)


Larry: Hey, Bud. Save it for the GAMES. (everyone leaves class)


Narrator: The final bell rings and they head home to get a good nights sleep before the games. They then wake up for school.


Brian: Oh god its only day 2 and feel like my other arm is gonna come loose any second


Cambry: (bumps into Lambo)


Brock: (snaps off Brians other arm) HEY! What’d we tell you about keeping ya skid mark away from me Lambo


Timmy: are you a god damn pirate


Brock: what did you say Bubble bath? (he punches Timmy in the arm, Brock feels a shiver run through his entire body and Timmy is not phased. He shrugs it off but is nervous now.)


Larry: don’t you dare touch Timmy and his baby abs


Barry: Listen up nerds, I gotta deal to make with you.


Brian: what


Barry: We challenge you to a battle. If you win, you’ll never have to see us again. However, if we win, its curtains for you guys. Winner gets this dimension back


Larry: Deal (they shake)


Timmy: (whispers) I don’t think this is a good deal


Barry: (smirks) its a little too late for that buddy. Come on guys, lets go to the gym to train. Just kidding, we won’t need to train against these losers. (they disappear into the distance)


Elmer: (appears) I wouldn’t have done that if I were you guys.


Larry: We’re we supposed to sit there and take it?


Elmer: (sighs) look. I see why you did it. You have a good heart. But these guys are much stronger and cooler, and, well pretty much better than you in every way. But I like you guys, and you guys do have one thing above them. You have the power of cliche on your side, and that is more powerful than any other force, and you guys could beat them if you concentrated hard enough.


Larry: Alright, so what time are the games?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 73: The Games