


Narrator: It has been six protein shakes since the last adventure. The losers are at school on the day of the games. They are showing up to first period


Brian: Ok cambry please I’m begging you don’t run into anything


Brock: (snaps Brians 3rd arm off)


Brian: JESUS CHRIST where did you come from


Brock: I just did that because we’re breathing the same air. Disgusting. (spits on Brian)


Brian: I will reflux floor yogurt on your body (hisses and floor yogurt is shot out into Brock's eyes causing his to scream in pain)


Larry: Ok Brian it is now your turn to SAVE IT FOR THE GODDAMN GAMES
Brian: This guy is invading our space (the rest of the cool guys show up)


Barry:  You nerds ready to get wiped


Cambry: (revs engine and as a result breaks down and has a critical engine failure)


Lambo: That is nothing dear adversary. Allow me to demonstrate. 


Narrator: Lambo lets out a gut wrenching shart from his exhaust pipe.


Cambry: ok that is straight nasty, now give it 3 seconds 


Narrator:everyone crowds around Lambo and applauds his shart


Cambry: I CAN DO THAT AS WELL. (Cambry breaks the sound barrier and single handedly shatters the atmosphere)


Girl: That's disgusting. (starts swimming in Barrys abs)


Jimmy: (point at Timmy with pencil) Ha I’m gonna start making fun of you for some reason (pencil shatters at Timmy's will)


Larry: FOR GOD SAKES SAVE IT FOR THE GAMES

Barry: Typical Larry. All Bark and No bite.


Larry: No, that is Cambry we are getting him trained. 


Timmy: (stares at Jimmy for several seconds)


Jimmy: (gets nervous) uh guys, I think it's about time we go to the locker room and get ready to uh wipe these guys out


Brock: Sounds good Jimathon, lets go (snaps own arm then resnaps it back into place, they walk into the distance)


Brian: we’re screwed


Timmy: (quietly) they’re weak minded. That boy was afraid.


Larry: you’re scaring me too weirdo, let's go to the locker room now.


Narrator: The losers are getting ready to participate in the games. They are all in the locker room before the games.


Larry: Ok guys. Everyone got their sweatbands?


Cambry: I put mine on my rear view mirror. I am now blind.

Brian: What are we gonna do?


Timmy: I am going to literally kill them.


Larry: FOR THE LAST TIME SAVE IT FOR THE GAMES. 


Announcer: Ladies and Gentleman. The games are about to start


Larry: ok Timmy the warning has been lifted


Timmy: (shirt rips off on its own, revealing a 17 pack, he starts levitating and his eyes light up with fire)


Larry: well guys I suggest you guys “suit up” if you can as well because now's the time 


Narrator: Larry activates heckabyte, Brian remembers he has super strength, and Cambry turns the radio to 99.5 KGFM.


Cambry: I love this station! (Baby by Justin Bieber plays; Cambry smashes his own radio)


Announcer: Finally, Ladies and Gentlemen, the moment you have all been waiting for…. THE GAMES.


Narrator: The stadium catches fire and lightning strikes every conceivable place in the area. 


Timmy: I didn't do that I swear. I left the shank at home. 


Larry: Whatever ok guys pay attention we are going to find out what the games are. 


Announcer: The games include two portions. The first portion is a test of the mind. The second is a test of the body. We have two teams competing. In the right corner, hailing from parts unknown, the winners! (everyone cheers)


Narrator: The copycats walk out of the locker room in full battle armor and gear. Barry walks out with 3 women who then proceeds to throws them into the crowd. He then gives a nod to Larry signaling his impending doom.


Announcer: And in the other corner, from areas surrounding and pertaining to Bakersfield, the losers!


Narrator: They step out of the locker room again and nobody cheers. Someone throws a cup at Cambry.


Cambry: Yay free food! (licks out the remaining straw flavored liquid)


Announcer: Alright bada ba, so here’s the deal. I’m gonna quiz you guys on your past adventures, and whoever gets the most right wins the first phase. 


Jimmy: As long as we win the first phase, it’s a free win. The only thing they got are brains


Announcer: Alright first answer: The main antagonist of the series!


Barry: What is Highway Enforcer?


Announcer: That is correct!

Brian: What the gel that isn't even the correct traffic sector!


Barry: Don't hate the player, hate the game.


Larry: (to team) The universe is replacing our past experiences as well


Announcer: Alright, The greatest superhero duo in the galaxy!


Timmy: Who are phil and dave?


Announcer: Correctomundo bada ba


Brock: Come on Jimmy what the hell do we even have you for?!


Jimmy: My bad it won't happen again.


Announcer:  The love interest of Brian at some point


Brian: Who is Hitmanmaid (ashamed)


Brock: not your proudest moment, huh


Brian: (filled with rage) why I’ll...


Announcer: Hey chill out there buddy, save it for phase 2. Next question (montage) Alright, its neck and neck 51-51, next point wins the whole darn thing! (the 2 teams stare each other down) The main staple sausage themed fast food diabetic place of the group


Jimmy: What are the Deep Fried Bratwurst Breadloafs


Announcer: CORRECT! The winners win phase one!


Barry: well done Jimmy, you finally proved your worth


Jimmy: (tearing up) I’m no longer the loser of the group


Brian: We have to completely decimate them in order to win. We have no chance


Larry: (Tearing up) This was such a bad deal. I’m sorry guys we’re gonna be removed from the universe because of me.


Timmy: Don’t plan on it.


Announcer: Now we move on to the Body portion of the games. In this portion you will fight till the other group is unable to stand. Good luck


Narrator: The whole group prepares to fight but Timmy instead begins to meditate. Larry sees this. Without talking, they nod at each other because they know what they must do

Larry: Guys whatever you do don’t let Timmy get knocked out. I’m not 100% sure what he is doing but if it works it will probably be cool.


Narrator: The 2 teams now face each other. Barry rips off his shirt, and a ring of fire now surrounds the 2 teams due to the reflection off his pecs. Lambos engine cranks into 17th overdrive and he is ready to move past lightspeed. Brock tears off his shirt and blinds every person with his pale whiteness. Jimmy is there. The loser lounge slowly one by one takes off their own shirts uncooly.
Announcer: Are you ready. Get set. FIGHT!


Narrator: Barry throws lambo at Larry, who deflects Lambo with his heckabyte. He is pushed into Cambry who revs harder than he’s ever revved before, emitting poisonous gas directly into Lambos headlight. Due to the reaction, Lambo explodes immediately, however, Cambry is extremely fatigued from the sheer impact of the Giga Shart. Brock snaps all of brian’s limbs for a final time, leaving him powerless. The only remaining defense for Timmy is Larry. Larry fights for as long as he can before being knocked to the ground by Barry with a fatal elbow drop.

Larry: Timmy if you are gonna do something now is the time!


Narrator: Barry knocks Larry out cold. They all approach Timmy to finish the job. All of the sudden his eyes now pure white shoot open. A shockwave sends the impostors into the stands. Timmy now stands with a powerful aura above them.


Timmy: I hope you have seen Dragon Ball before. This is what I call a Spicy Zest. Its powerful but lacks in some areas.

Narrator: His aura grows and his hair grows silver. 


Timmy: This is called a Spicy Lord. It is the most powerful naturally obtained rank. And this? (begins shifting)THIS IS TO GO EVEN FURTHER BEYOND. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Narrator: The tides shift, the earth changes course. The earth shakes at the sight of Timmy screaming for several minutes. His silver hair grows down the full length of his back. Every part of his body has a set of abs. Lightning is seen radiating from his sweat for god sakes


Timmy: This is Spice. The purest power there is. And here is what it can do.


Barry: (chuckles) You’ve been watching too many cartoons youngin (Timmy laughs back)


Narrator: Barry's smile fades away and he throws a punch at Timmy capable of destroying a building. It makes dead on impact with Timmy's chest. A wave of pure energy is released from this impact, putting up a cloud of smoke. The smoke settles and Timmy is left unfazed.


Timmy: (laughs back)


Barry: Did you finally hit the gyms or something? Well it won’t work, because you still don’t seem like you know how to fight.


Timmy: No no no. You see, I gave you a free hit. Had I really tried, even the minimum, I could have dodged that very easily you see. I tried giving you you’re one opportunity you had. Unfortunately, your time has expired. 


Barry: Shut up! 


Narrator: Barry throws a punch 3 times as powerful as the last punch but Timmy is nowhere to be found


Barry: Stop running.


Timmy: I’m not. I’m just walking. Now that I can control time though I can see where the confusion came from.


Barry: Where are you! Stop hiding.


Narrator: Timmy appears behind Barry. Barry senses Timmy, turns around and swings a punch, at which Timmy catches. Timmy chuckles, then launches at lightspeed towards the atmosphere with just 2 fingers. Now with the planets aligned around them and Barry struggling for his last breath Timmy just stares.


Timmy: (laughs) Don’t worry, I’m not gonna throw you at the sun


Barry: (while gasping for air Barry has a sigh of relief)


Timmy: You are nothing to me. 


Narrator: Timmy does nothing but let go, letting Barry free fall from the stratosphere into the face of the Earth. Barry collides with the ground with force equal to that of the San Andreas Earthquake. Timmy then flies towards the Earth at insane speeds and collides directly with Barry, destroying every last atom of his. The dust settles and the winners look directly at Timmy who is emitting only a single drip of sweat


Timmy: (cracks knuckles) Who’s next?


Brock: (leaps towards Timmy heading straight for one of his arms. He tries to break it and struggles for 10 seconds.


Timmy: I’m not even resisting.


Narrator: Timmy makes eye contact with Brock and every bone in Brock's body instantly shatters, he is now a boneless blob of flesh and skin.


Jimmy: UHh. (starts walking away)


Timmy: Where do you think you’re going?


Narrator: Timmy thinks about it and breaks one of Jimmy’s legs. Jimmy in pain begins limping away as fast as he can while Timmy pimp walks slowly up to him. Timmy pins him against the wall and stares directly into Jimmy’s eyes. Jimmy sees the death of a thousand suns in the pupils of Timmy’s eyes. Jimmy’s eyes begin to turn black and tears of blood come out. His bones turn to brittle and he dissolves into ash and dust. Timmy returns to base form after successfully saving the dimension. 


Announcer: (haunted) the winner is the losers oh god i'm gonna be sick (pukes).


Narrator: The losers are healed of all ailments by Elmer.


Elmer: You did it. Well, Timmy did it. 


Larry: Timmy you saved us all!


Timmy: yeah, let me just… 


Narrator: Timmy falls into a deep sleep. 


Larry: I knew he should have saved it for the games.


Narrator: They ride home with a sleepy Timmy and relax after saving the realm. They once again fall asleep and wake up to a new threat.


Brian: jesus christ I think we should just stop sleeping to avoid these wake up calls.


Cambry: What is going on?


Narrator: Timmy is seen crystallizing and shrinking to the size of a suitcase. The walls of the house are shaking and then it settles, leaving the Timmy crystal in the center of the wreckage. 


Larry: God dammit what the gel is happening?!


Narrator: The crystal glows and a shockwave is sent out slightly stronger than the previous one. Elmer appears in a sweat.


Elmer: Oh god its happening. 


Larry: Elmer can you explain this please?


Elmer: Well basically, Timmy is powering up exponentially after his transformation to spice and he can't stop.


Brian: That’s a good thing right? I mean, we could always use a powerhouse besides Cambry.


Elmer: Yeah it's all fun and games until he reaches capacity. 


Larry: What happens then?


Elmer: Oh nothing, just a planetary level tremor that would split the multiverse into pieces. 

Cambry: Like a Kit-Kat?


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 74: Timmagedon