

Narrator: It has been 70 original it has been jokes since their last adventure. Timmy has crystalized and is growing to immense strengths. 

Elmer: You must relieve him of this power by dampening or destroying it.


Larry: Destroying it is out of the question. It is way too useful to just eliminate. How can we dampen him?


Elmer: There is one person that can rid him of this burden. His son. 


Brian: Oh Tommy? Man why? he got weird after he grew up.


Elmer: He isn't weird apart from the fact he is basically a nuclear reactor. Just go find him and he can fix Timmy.


Larry: Alright Cambry where is he?


Cambry: My scanners say he is at a bar in space somewhere. 


Brian: Just say 7/11 you don't have to be fancy.


Narrator: With Timmy being carried with them in a duffel bag they trek into space to find Tommy arm wrestling cashier. Tommy pins him


Cashier: YOU CANNOT USE THE OVER THE TOP FOR THE FRICKING WRESTLE.


Tommy: That's just the game uncle. Oh hey it's my other uncle's wassup.


Larry: Hey sport. We were hoping you could help us out.

Tommy: how so?


Narrator: Brian peels the cover of the duffel bag revealing the crystal of Timmy.


Tommy: HAHAHAHA the old man finally did it.


Cambry: Did what?


Tommy: Oh, he tapped into the Spice System. 


Larry: What is that?


Tommy: Well it is a power system that can only be accessed by the Thompson bloodline. It is unexplainable in its power. Everyone does different things with it. I accessed it when I was a baby.

Larry: THAT'S WHY YOU HAVE ALL YOUR WEIRD POWERS!


Tommy: Yep. What did he get if you don’t mind me asking?


Brian: he did this thing where he said he went even further beyond and his hair turned silver and stuff. 


Tommy: WAIT WHAT?! 


Larry: That can’t be that impressive you have almost every conceivable power.


Tommy: Let's put it this way. If my dad was the sun I would be an atom in comparison. 


Cambry: I may not be smart but even I know thats a big one.


Cashier: Hey what is your friend doing?


Narrator: They look to see the bag glowing. They all take cover as another wave releases from the crystal. This one shatters the whole 7/11 along with the parking lot area. 

Cashier: Oh man. The wife is gonna kill me.


Tommy: It's getting stronger. 


Larry: So will you help us?


Tommy: No way man. I can't dampen that thing. You’re on your own.


Brian: Come on kid this is your dad here. If we don't fix him then the universe will unironically cease to exist. 

Tommy: Look I wanna help but it would take an immense boost for me to even try to dampen his powers. 


Larry: Are you saying you need a tool or something?


Tommy: Well, yeah. What do you have in mind?


Narrator: Larry smirks. They arrive outside of a space prison.


Tommy: Why are we here?

Larry: Timmy told me a guy in here built shank breaker. 


Tommy: Really? Who could build something like that here?


Narrator: Larry points to a cell showing their old classmate Bobby hard at work on his latest creation.


Brian: How are we gonna reach him?


Larry: Ok I have a plan laid out. So all we gotta do is…


Narrator: Larry debriefs the group while Cambry stares into Bobby’s cell. He sees some sort of edible thing and charges directly through the wall of the cell raising every alarm.


Larry: Or we could do that.


Bobby: Oh hey my night school crew. Yo is that Timmy T?


Brian: Yes bobby and we need you to develop some sort of power up for my nephew in order to save the universe. 

Bobby: Alright let's see what I got here. 

Narrator: Sirens blaze and inmates run loose in the halls as Bobby rummages through his prison stuff. He pulls out a bracelet that magnetically attaches to Tommy’s wrist.


Tommy: What the hell is this?


Bobby: I’m not sure. I made it to make toilet soup easier but it didn't work. Maybe it is meant for you bro.


Tommy: Let's hope. Come on let's blow this popsicle stand.


PE: YOU GUYS!


Narrator: PE glares at them through the slit in the closed jail cell door. The losers all scramble in fear to escape as PE tries to break down the door.

Bobby: Good luck boys.


Narrator: They hop onto Cambry but forget Timmy is in the cell. Larry tells Bobby to toss Timmy over. Timmy starts glowing and Larry jumps out of Cambry.

Brian: What are you doing?


Larry: Trust me.


Narrator: Larry catches Timmy midair and unzips the bag. He angles it to face the prison at the same time as Timmy let's out another quake. The door goes flying with PE attached to it. Half of the prison is decimated by the shockwave. Larry rides the shockwave back into Cambry’s passenger seat. 

Brian: Ok that was awesome. 


Larry: Thanks. Ok where to now?

Tommy: This bracelet may be helpful but it won't be enough. We need to go somewhere that will amplify my powers. 


Cambry: I think I know where we should go. 


Narrator: Cambry drives them to Mount Everest after saying hi to ernesto. 


Tommy: I get it. The closest space between the earthly realm and the cosmos. Not bad Cambry.


Cambry: Huh. Yeah ok. (Cambry starts eating snow)


Tommy: Alright let's see how this works. 


Narrator: Tommy thrusts his hand into the air. The bracelet encapsulates his hand in the form of a glove now. 

Glove: BOOST


Larry: This seems familiar?


Brian: Shhh


Tommy: Ok...bring him forward.


Narrator: Timmy is now in a constant state of movement. He shakes in place leaving small craters in his path. Tommy places both of his hands onto him. Energy radiates around them.


Tommy: Holy smokes he is beaming with power. What am I supposed to do with it? 


Brian: Can you absorb it?


Tommy: I can try…


Narrator: Tommy’s arms begin to glow and the glow is moving up his arms to his torso. They soon become pitch white. 


Tommy: Woah. This is awesome!


Narrator: All of the sudden black veins arise in the pure white. The power is poisoning Tommy.


Tommy: Ouch, ouchy. Oh god this is painful. Guys this isn't gonna work I have to let go.


Brian: But I think releasing that power back into Timmy would destroy the planet. He is approaching critical mass.


Tommy: Alright fine. Here goes nothing. 


Narrator: Tommy supercharges himself and grows a single strand of silver hair. His eyes and mouth shoot open full of white light. The same happens to Timmy as the crystal begins to crack. The singular crack sends them all to their knees. Tommy is forced to use his remaining energy to shatter the now immeasurably dangerous crystal. He slams it with his fist. The entire crystal shatters into millions of pieces. Out of it rises Timmy floating in a new form. His silver hair has doubled in length. He sees his son in pain and instantly heals him with the thought of it. Then the northern lights passed across the mountains. The lights swooped down and took Timmy’s silver power away with them. They drifted off into the night leaving Timmy fatigued but awake. 


Timmy: Huh. What happened?


Larry: TIMMY YOU'RE BACK!


Timmy: Jesus Christ how long was I out?


Brian: A couple days or hours I don't know.


Timmy: Tommy what happened to you?


Narrator: Tommy’s Timmy aura flies away with the northern lights as well, leaving him in his normal state. 
Tommy: I tried to dampen your powers but I had no choice but to release them. It was too much dad, I'm sorry. 


Timmy: It's fine. Losing that power was worth saving the entire multiverse. 


Brian: Can we go home now it's cold on Mount everest. 


Narrator: They roll home, leaving Tommy to fly into space to resume his awesome adventures. Tommy flies towards the space 7/11 and runs directly into the ship of Dave and Phil. He climbs aboard. 


Tommy: Hey guys whats up?


Dave: Hey Tommy! Wanna go do awesome things around the galaxy?


Tommy: Sure!


Phil: I will warn you. This is going to be dangerous and serious. No goofing around.


Narrator: Dave tickles Phil and they both slap fight each other. Tommy smiles like a mom would. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 75: Defenders of the Cosmos: Aftermath