


Narrator: It has been a couple burger toppings since their last adventure. The losers are safe on Earth while Tommy, Phil, and Dave travel the galaxy in hopes of protecting it. 


Phil: Alright let's all get to know each other. Hi, I'm phil. I am kinda the leader of this ship. We call it Milan. This is Dave.


Dave: Hi.


Phil: He is my trusty sidekick. 


Dave: I thought we were partners?


Phil: Ok quick huddle.


Narrator: They huddle together and argue and come back up.


Phil: We are now co captains of this ship. Alright your turn Tommy.


Tommy: Alright? Hi I'm Tommy. I suffer from literal god power. What can you guys do?


Phil: Well I have this gun and Dave….also has a gun. 


Dave: We fight crime and save the day. There's a lot more crime now that Google reversed the snap. 


Tommy: Are you guys open to new teammates.

Phil: Always. Who do you have in mind?


Narrator: Similar to Larry Tommy smirks. They fly once again to the repaired space prison. Tommy flies up to the front desk.


PE: Hello how may I...TOMMY! Well if this isn't a pleasant surprise. 


Tommy: Why are you here PE? Last I heard you failed to obtain immortality. 

PE: Yes. How unfortunate. I recovered from my loss through other means. I spent my time searching for other ways to gain power. I tried magic, exercise, even the Marky Mark workout videotape. They all failed. I was on my way to return the tape when I was apprehended by the law for my crimes against...well, everything. I work here as a prisoner. What do you want?


Tommy: I was hoping to negotiate the terms of the release of prisoner sb-219. 


PE: Oh him? He escaped not too long ago. I know exactly where he is but alas. I am stuck in this prison. 


Tommy: What is it gonna take PE?


PE: All I want is a glass of water. They only have milk in here. 


Tommy: Ok? Here you go.


Narrator: Tommy brings a glass of water to PE who snatches it away.


PE: He is on the illegal planet Chicago. 


Tommy: Thanks. Enjoy your sentencing. 


PE: Oh I will.

Narrator: Tommy arrives back in the ship and they head towards the dreaded planet Chicago. 

Phil: Jeez this place gives me the creeps. Dave and I like to stick to places like disneyland and sometimes chuck e cheese.


Tommy: Come on I think I know where he is gonna be.


Narrator: After walking for some time they arrive outside of what looks like an apple store. They see Bobby working the genius bar.


Bobby: Yo what's up my night schoo... Oh what is up Tommy bones? 


Tommy: Hey bobby. This is dave and that's phil.


Both: Hi.

Tommy: Look I have seen your potential many times before. You shouldn't be wasting away debating customers on whether or not extended warranties are worth it. 


Bobby: That is true. But I'm an outlaw. I can't do anything. Gotta keep a low profile. 


Tommy: And you can. If you come with us you will be A. one of our teammates. B. We can offer you protection. 


Bobby: How's that?


Narrator: Tommy turns off and on the lights with the blink of an eye. 


Bobby: I'm afraid to say no so...count me in!


Phil: Welcome to the Protectors of Space!


Dave: Thats not that good.


Tommy: Yeah you need to work on that Phil.


Phil: i'll think of something. In the meantime I have an idea who our next member can be. 


Bobby: Who would that be?


Narrator: The “protectors” fly to earth and land outside of the guys’ house late at night. Dave goes in alone. He creeps up the stairs in hopes of not waking Cambry. He makes it to the end of the hall to see Timmy sleeping. He inches towards the side table when Timmy wakes up fully, turns on the lights, and has shank breaker to his throat.

Timmy: Oh Dave it's you. Sorry about that. What do you want?


Dave: I was hoping to borrow...you know.


Timmy: *sighs* alright. Keep him running. 


Narrator: Dave sneaks back out of the house into the ship. He dangles a necklace from his hand.


Bobby: What is that?


Dave: Check this out. Timmy told me to say CHILL OUT.

Narrator: Chill emerges from the necklace.


Chill: Hey. I'm chill. And we cool. 


Phil: Hey chill. How's it hanging?


Chill: I'm just chillin. 


Tommy: Ah, good call phil. We could use an ice powerhouse on our team. Well guys I think we are finally ready to fight crime and stuff. What's our first mission Phil. 


Phil: Well we gotta talk to the mission man first. 


Narrator: They huddle around the main hologram table and a man in a cloak appears. 


Cashier: Hello boys. 


Tommy: Uncle Cashier?

Cashier: Oh hey Tommy nice to see you made some friends. I get paid extra for this mission man job. Alright enough small talk. Your mission is to apprehend a two criminals who have been robbing small businesses across the solar system. Be warned they carry military grade weaponry.


Dave: Phil I don't know if we can keep up with our simple magnums. We need upgrades.

Bobby: I gotchu. 


Phil: Alright. Let's do this Keepers of Space!

All: Boo


Cashier: That was bad. 


Narrator: They arrive outside of a space jewelry store with alarms blaring. Two thugs run into a back alley.

T1: You think we lost em?


T2: Yeah, we are better than them.


Phil: Hey dudes.


Narrator: The thugs look down the alley to see Tommy at full power, Chill in his most chillaxing stance, and Phil and Dave both equipped with new space fighting gear and weapons.


Bobby: And i'm on the ship!


T1: hahahahaha They think they’re better than us.


T2: Yeah it seems that way.


Narrator: Both thugs pull out the same weapon. They are hair dryers.


Tommy: whats that gonna do….CHILL!


Chill: Man I'm out.


Narrator: To avoid melting Chill is forced back into the necklace. 


Phil: Take this!


Narrator: Phil uses his new propulsion boots to boost forward landing a flying kick directly into one of the thug’s faces.


T2: You’ll pay for that!


Narrator: The second thug throws the bag of jewels at them causing a diversion. This gives him enough time to smoke bombs away with the other thug. 


Tommy: That was stupid.

Narrator: Tommy uses his super eyesight to locate and fly to the second thug.

Tommy: Who are you working for?


T2: My boss is the least of your worries. Look I have heard things about you kid and i'm gonna be honest you scare me. I'll tell you my most important secrets if you let me go. 


Tommy: Fine spill it I am getting impatient. 


T2: The word on the street is a new bounty hunter is in town. He doesn't work for anyone and has no allies or enemies. For now at least. 


Tommy: He got a name?

T2: They call him Turkish Delight.


Tommy: Ok. Thank you for your help. 


Narrator: Tommy lifts both thugs.


T2: You said we would be let go.


Tommy: Sorry, I don't negotiate with criminals.

Narrator: Tommy pinpoints the prison and throws them directly through the front door. Tommy returns to the ship where he is reunited with the team. 


Cashier: Great work team. You not only apprehended the criminals but you also recovered the stolen jewels. 


Phil: I kept this one jewel. It was shiny. Don't worry I paid for it.  


Cashier: Meet me at the 7/11 for your next mission. Good work. 


Narrator: He disconnects from the phone.


Tommy: That thug said something about a “Turkish Delight” wreaking havoc like a vigilante. 


Phil: Sounds like someone that could use some taking down.


Chill: (healed) Sounds Chill. 


Dave: Alright we will keep an eye out for this guy I guess but we should hurry to Cashier for our next job.


Tommy: Right. Ok let's roll...uh. We still don't have a name. 


Phil: I got it!


Dave: I don't know Phil you kinda sucked at names today

Phil: no trust me!


Tommy: Are you sure I mean they were some pretty dumb names.


Phil: NO GUYS. WE ARE THE DEFENDERS OF THE COSMOS!


Narrator: They look at each other and shrug.


Tommy: I'll take it.


Dave: Not to shabby Phil.


Phil: Thanks.

Tommy: Alright well then ONWARD DEFENDERS OF THE COSMOS!


Narrator: They speed off into the infinite darkness of space. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 76: Brian and Larry go to Popyeyes




POST CREDIT SCENE


Narrator: The thugs both arrive in their cells and pass by PE who is now in his cell as well. He is seen trying to learn water magic with the glass he received from Tommy. He successfully controls the water only to splash it against the wall, wasting it all. In a bout of anger he slams the wall of his cell. He hears it crack. It continues to crack as he takes a step backward. The wall disappears revealing a man in a mask on a spacecraft. PE joins him onboard. They travel without exchanging a word. They land on Earth.


TD: I am no longer in debt to you. 


PE: Whatever you say dude. 


TD: You are not in debt to me. We owe each other nothing. 


PE: How do you know me?

TD: Maybe an ally. Maybe a foe. Only a name I have to remember you by. 


PE: Who are you?


TD: I am turkish delight.


Narrator: He proceeds to return onto his ship, leaving PE in a daze somewhere on Earth.