
Narrator: It has been a couple of rock soundtracks since their last adventure. Nothing is going on really. At home Brian and Larry are seen eating ice cream sundaes on the couch. They finish them within seconds.


Brian: What the hell was in those sundaes?


Larry: I don't know but I am really hungry.


Brian: Are you craving what I’m craving?


Both: POPEYES!


Larry: Let me just go get Cambry and…


Brian: THERE'S NO TIME WE GOTTA GO!


Narrator: They enter the garage and see they have owned a moped with a sidecar this entire time. They climb aboard. 


Larry: good thing I just got my license
Brian: you don’t need a license to drive a moped.


Narrator: They look at each other with swag, and then Brian snatches Larry's drivers license and sets it ablaze with a flamethrower. He then attaches it to the moped somehow and they move at lightspeed.They arrive outside of Popeyes to see Cashier locking up for the night.


Larry: Two popeyes sandwiches cashier. Ring em up!


Cashier: I'm sorry but this location is closed. 


Brian: I can see the guy tossing chicken in the dumpster right now. Come on man help us out.


Cashier: I cannot serve you garbage chicken. Do you have any idea of the lawsuits I would have to face? Look there's a 23 hr Popeyes just a few miles from here.


Both: THANK YOU! 


Narrator: They zoom away


Larry: 23 hours. Huh, you don’t see that everyday


Narrator: They pull up to the Popeyes, and are the first ones in the drive thru line.They go up to the order window


Brian: We’ll have 4 burgers


Larry: Huh, no one’s there.


Brian: (squints) oh, apparently they’re closed right now. Wait, are you serious. It’s closed one hour a day from 1pm to 2pm, and it is… 1:04 PM.


Larry: Darn, we got a lot of time to burn.
Brian: Is there any other popeyes we could go to?


Larry: According to the MAPS there isn’t another Popeyes for 340 miles.


Brian: we could go somewhere else


Larry: NO. I NEED MY MOTHER CLUCKIN CHICKEN!


Brian: Chill out dude. But i guess if you want to eat here, we can. We just gotta wait.


Larry: Dude im not waiting I gotta eat it now


Brian: I mean the 1 hour thing is stupid but its too bad


Larry: There has to be a reason behind it


Brian: not everything has to have a reason behind it.


Larry: tell me then why 1 random hour in the middle of the day on a weekend a got dang popeyes is closed


Brian: you know what, I don’t know.


Larry: exactly, so lets find out


Narrator: Larry throws an outside seating table through a window. 


Brian: what the hell is wrong with you


Larry: Let’s go, look 2 things can happen. 1, nothing malicious is going on, and we can take some chicken and leave. 2, something wacky is happening is here, and then…


Brian: And then what? We step on the hidden tile and we get catapulted into the deep fryers. Come on man we can go to KFC or something


Larry: im gonna pretend like I didn’t hear that. Now lets go. (grabs Brian)


Brian: alright


Narrator: They crawl inside. All of the lights are off. The creep into the back kitchen and hear a faint chanting. They open the door to see several employees praying to a single chicken tender, all of which are in chicken suits. Their eyes are all glowing


POP POPEYES POP POPEYES HAIL THE CHICKEN LORD AND HIS ETERNAL KINDNESS. (The group collectively showers in chili powder thrown into the air)


Brian: (going to puke)


Narrator: They look up to see the intruders. Brian and Larry run out as fast as they possibly can and speed away from the restaurant.


Larry: We can go back at 2

Brian: That didn't spoil your appetite?


Larry: Hell no. I'm glad that my chicken comes pre-praised. 


Brian: Bruh. that’s not being praised, thats being cursed. Did you see their eyes?


Larry: eyes glowing red with love?


Brian: whatever you say dude. Lets just head home for now.


Narrator: They start driving back. 


Brian: looks like we still good a good 50 minutes to burn before they are even open again.


Larry: darn, it will be tough to cope


Brian: whatever dude. (looks in rearview moped mirror when making a lane change and sees one of the guys with the chicken suits on) huh? (the man overtakes them and drives off) That’s weird, that looks like…


Narrator: brian makes a right hand turn confused. He looks over in the bike lane and sees a bird lady riding a bike, who overtakes the moped and looks over directly at Brian, but then speeds off


Brian: Ok this is weirding me out.


Narrator: They stop at a four way intersection. On every turn and lane is a man or woman in a chicken suit.


Brian:(whispers) Larry. I don't think they are going to a parade.


Larry:(whispers) Ok. Don't move. Chickens can't see what isn't moving.


Narrator: The light turns green.


Larry: FLOOR IT WE GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE.


Narrator: Brian uses the 2 sips of nitrous in the moped to zoom out of the intersection. The chicken cult follows close behind.


Brian: WE AREN'T LOSING THEM.


Larry: Hey on an unrelated note we know which came first now. Us!


Brian: NOW IS NOT THE TIME LARRY!


Larry: Got it. 


Narrator: Larry starts throwing spare peels and slippery stuff behind them. Several of the chickens are knocked out but some persist. 


Brian: Hold on we’re taking a detour.


Narrator: Brian cuts in the middle of an open intersection but miraculously not a single car touches. Numerous chicken men and women are ran over in the process. Brian turbos on a ramp that flies directly over a freeway. It looks cool, but there are still chicken people directly on their tails


Larry: Brian that was cool but people are still on our tails


Brian: the narrator just said that! Also we’re almost there! 


Narrator: brian drives directly through a farm and rams directly into a silo. The silo tips over, crushing most chicken people, but the ones that don't start pecking the chicken feed out of the silos. It seems as though the chickens are now no longer on their tails.


Larry: God I don't know what their problem was.


Brian: Let's just go home and watch TV for an hour and go back.


Narrator: Mere yards from their house they get pulled over. The cop gets out of his car and turns out to be PE.

Both: PE?!


PE: oh hey guys. Funny meeting you here.


Larry: You know where we live idiot. 


PE: Whatever, I'm gonna give you a speeding ticket. 


Brian: We were being chased I couldn't help it. 


PE: Tell it to the law. 


Larry: How do you even work here?


PE: Oh the people of Earth know little of my wrongdoings. I just flashed them my old badge and they gave me this cruiser. 


Brian: This system needs fixin. 

PE: You boys are coming with me downtown. 


Narrator: They head to the police station with the moped being towed by PE. They now sit in a holding cell. 


Larry: What time is it?


Brian: 1:35.


Larry: Well. We tried.


Brian: That's it?

Larry: Well yeah. Everyone knows the best piece of chicken is the first one. No way we are gonna make it there in 25 minutes. 

Brian: hell no Larry. We have tried too hard and escaped from too much to give up now. There's gotta be another way.


Inmate: I can help you out.

Brian: Really? 


Inmate: I got a guy out back. He can take you away from here. He comes every 30 minutes so you can take this shift.


Larry: Thank you sir it means a lot. 

Inmate: No worries. Call me Harold. 


Brian: We owe you one harold. Wait, why are you helping us?


Harold: I once craved a food so righteous I went to great lengths to obtain it. I feel you. Good luck travelers. 


Larry: Thank you.


Narrator: They escape through the vents to the back where they hop into the van. Shortly after entering they are pushed out. They are somewhere in the redwood forest.


Larry: WHAT THE HELL? How long were we driving?


Brian: 20 minutes. 

Larry: Thats it brian. We will never make it back to Popeyes in time. Let's just throw in the towel.

Narrator: They hear a rustling in the bushes. Out of the bushes comes a chicken suit man. They fall on their backs in fear. He removes his mask to reveal he is Neil Patrick Harris. 


Neil: Hey.

Both: Neil Patrick Harris?


Neil: You guys left without giving this back.


Narrator: He reaches and pulls a sticky note off of Brian’s shoulder. 


Neil: you bumped into our secret recipe and it stuck to you.


Brian: Why do you have one copy of your recipe and its on a sticky note?


Larry: And why did your entire chicken cult have to chase us. 

Neil: Look that doesn't matter now. The point is you guys want chicken and you got three minutes. What are you gonna do?


Larry: Give up and wallow in hunger?


Neil: No, you are gonna get on that suped up moped and you are gonna ride out of here.

Narrator: Neil reveals their moped now in the form of a Ducati Motorcycle on steroids. 

Neil: Clocks ticking. Happy Chicken Boys.


Narrator: He runs away. Brian and Larry pile onto the new moped. Brian twists the throttle and they are sent flying. They soar without touching the ground over miles of land. 


Larry: THERE IT IS!


Narrator: They see cashier getting ready to open the store. Brian slams the breaks and they freefall directly in front of the cash register.

Cashier: What will it be boys?


Brian: I will have a fifty tender combo with six sides of mac and cheese, four sides of mash potatoes and 3 large fries. 


Larry: I will also have a fifty tender combo with six sides of mac and cheese, four sides of mash potatoes and 3 large fries. We will also take 4 large sodas and 2 dozen biscuits. Extra of every sauce. And some napkins.

Cashier: On the house. Coming right up.


Narrator: They go to sit down and see that Cambry and Timmy are waiting for them at the table.


Larry: Oh hey guys. What are you getting?

Timmy: We went to the Chicken Shack. They were not busy at all and they had a buy one get one exorcism free.


Brian: What is it with chicken places and cults?


Narrator: The food comes to the table and they all chow down in infinite bliss. 


Larry: Now this was worth it.


Brian: No, it really wasn't. 


Timmy: Oh by the way I got us tickets. 


Larry: To what?


Timmy: The titenic.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 77: Chevy Cruze