

Narrator: It has been several dry biscuits since their last adventure. The group is preparing to board the Chevy, a ship that will sail across the Gulf of Mexico. They are all packed up and ready for the five day cruise. Except for Cambry. Cambry is dressed as a homeless person and brought little to no luggage.


Larry: Cambry what in God’s name are you doing.


Cambry: I happened to have won a ticket onto this fine vessel in a poker match. I'm going to the land of opportunity. 


Timmy: He really liked the Titanic movie as a kid. It's kinda one of his dreams to be Jack. 


AB: Hello welcome to the Chevy Cruze! I am announcerboat and I will be your captain. This vessel is called the Chevy. We will be departing shortly. For those of you with normal tickets please proceed to the upper deck. For those of you who are in peasant class. Go swim to the lower decks. Thank you.


Cambry: Farewell friends!


Larry: cya cambry


Cambry: (with tears in eyes) It will be a while before we see each other again...


Timmy: You know we can see each other on the ship right?


Cambry: No I cannot Timmy. I am a mere peasant, an underling


Timmy: ok weirdo


Narrator: the dudes all go to their designated rooms. Cambry approaches the hallway in which his room resides. A lightbulb flickers on and off and then just shatters. There is some leaking ocean water just kinda spilling out of the wall. Cambry looks at his door.


Cambry: Here we are! Room E52!


Narrator: the room number imprint falls off. He opens the door which also unhinges and falls off. He is bigger than the room


Cambry: it’s a tight squeeze but I’ll make it. Ooh a brochure! Dang these amenities though! (advertising the room) A TV made by Thomas Edison! A quarter only child size bed made out of pure lead! CHEESE PLATE (scarfs it down) This is the best day of my life.


Narrator: meanwhile the other half of the losers make it to their hallway. There are multiple fountains of golds streaming every 10 feet. They make it to their individual room next to each other. 


Larry: here it is. C24, 25 and 219!


Narrator: they walk into their rooms. Each room is larger than a mansion. 


Timmy: huh, a brochure. Personal butler to prepare food!


Butler: (french) ho ho ho! Pancakes with golden syrup topped with gold crusted powder


Brian: These guys really like gold.


Timmy: 300 unique combination bed experience.


Butler: There are many different settings. You can adjust the angle, color, temperature, smell, taste, etc


Brian: my bed is made out of yogurt (takes bite out of bed)


Timmy: 4 different pools, each with 3 different water slides. Normal pool, hot tub, cold tub. Tub. (man vibing in the cold tub)


Cold guy: I am cold man! (jumps out the cruze window)


Larry: Dang this water was thermo shockingly cold. Would've been a good E. Coli tester. 


Brian: Ok so the itinerary says we will have two stops on tropical islands to snorkel and eat exotic foods.

Timmy: This is gonna be awesome.


Narrator: We return to Cambry who is walking onto the deck surrounded by lowlifes and dogs. He stares out to sea. He then looks up at the upper deck to see a beautiful car staring into the skyline. He immediately falls in love with her and races to the upper decks to meet her. 


Cambry: Hey. What are you looking at?


Cruze: Oh just the sea. Its so peaceful don't you agree?

Cambry: Uh. Yeah. I am fairly wealthy.


Cruze: Oh. Good for you.

Cambry: Alright bye!


Narrator: Cambry runs and trips back to the lower deck. Later that evening he goes on a stroll to see the lady car on the edge of the railing.


Cambry: NO STEP BACK.


Cruze: Relax I know what I'm doin…


Narrator: She slips but into Cambry’s car arms. 


Cruze: Thank you. I never got your name.

Cambry: Oh I'm Cambry. And you are?


Cruze: Cruze. 


Cambry: A lovely name for a lovely lady.

Cruze:(blushes) You are too much.


Cambry: Look I'm gonna be honest. I am in fact poor. Does this change how you feel about me?


Cruze: No way jose. I'm not superficial like that. My family might have reservations though.

Cambry: OoOo where I am hungry. 

Cruze:(laughs) I'll see you tomorrow Cambry. (leaves)
Cambry: Is this love (leaves)


Narrator: the other guys are just vibing in their multiple pools while simultaneously having food cooked by the butlers


Timmy: this is the greatest day of my life


Larry: you’re telling me buddy. You guys wonder how Cambrys doing?


Brian: He’s probably fine. Just enjoying himself. It was his choice to go low class anyways.


Narrator: meanwhile, Cambry goes back to his sad excuse for a room. He lays down on the lead bed and while looking at the TV notices a hole next to it which previously wasn’t there before. He looks inside it and hears talking


Voice: cod dangit it got all over me. Well here we go again (loud klang is heard then subsequently a loud splash


Narrator: Cambry sees that the voice is Parking Enforcer smashing all of the pipes. He runs away and Cambry runs into the vandalized room.

Cambry: Ok you can do this.


Narrator: Cambry starts drinking the spilling water in hopes of drinking it all. He then realizes it isn't working and starts to overheat. He turns all of the water into steam making a sauna of sorts.


Cambry: Ah...so warm.


Narrator: Cambry runs up to the upper decks to tell the others what is happening. 


Larry: So PE stowed away. 


Cambry: Yeah and he is gonna ruin all of my Titanic experience. You guys gotta stop his shenanigans. 


Brian: Hell No this is the most relaxing fun we have ever had I am pretty sure. 
 
Cambry: Look do something. I met this chick and I see something growing between us. 


Timmy: That would be distance Cambry she is walking away over there.


Cambry: GOTTA BLAST


Narrator: Cambry catches up to Cruze


Cruze: Cambry we can't be seen together.


Cambry: Ah yes. Our love shall be a forbidden one. So can I meet your family?


Cruze: No Cambry, did you not hear what I just said? Look I'll meet you on the lower deck at sunset. 

Cambry: Yes my love.


Cruze: Ok.


Narrator: Meanwhile the guys are snorkeling on the island stop.


Brian: I saw fishes!


Larry: Yes Brian there are tons of them here. 

Timmy: Hey whats that?


Narrator: They look over to see the bottom of the ship having a hole in it. They swim to the bottom and discover its door into a secret room on the ship. They find PE’s detailed plans to wreck the ship.


Brian: no. what would happen to all of the food and awesomeness.


Larry: It would be gone....reduced to rubble. 


Timmy: We can't let that happen. Ok let's enjoy the rest of our day for now. His next move is at nighttime. 

Narrator: Sunset arrives and Cambry meets up with Cruze on the lower deck.


Cambry: Close your eyes.

Cruze: Ok.


Narrator: He leads her to the front of the boat.

Cruze: I'M THE KING OF THE WORLD. Not literally Cambry. I am not a boy.

Cambry: Ok good to know.


Cruze: I got an idea. follow me.

Narrator: They walk back to Cambry’s room which has been changed into an art studio.

Cruze: I want you to paint me like one of your foreign cars.


Cambry: Got any crayons?


Narrator: Cambry proceeds to paint a fully clothed car for several hours. She is madly impressed by the painting and kisses Cambry on the cheek. 


Cruze: Our parents will never let us be together.


Cambry: Its ok I hate my dad.


Cruze: I must go. I will always remember you Cambry


Narrator: She runs off in tears. All of a sudden the ship comes to a full halt. The passengers all race in a fury to the upper decks. Cambry sees the ship flooding. Despite everything working out exactly as he wanted it he is frightened. He runs to the upper deck to find the others.


Larry: We couldn’t stop him.


Timmy: He blew a whole in the center of the ship. Its gonna split in two. 

Brian: Quick grab all of the complimentary food you can.


Larry: Hell nah we gotta get on the rafts. 


Narrator: They flash the security their V.I.P. badges and board a first class boat.

AB: Man overboard!(jumps into the water)

Timmy: What are you waiting for Cambry come on!


Cambry: I can't. I have to find her.

Brian: Oh for god sakes Cambry this is not your movie. This ship has reached critical integrity levels. 

Cambry: I'm critically in love.


Larry: That doesn't make any sense. Fine go get her you big oar.


Narrator: Cambry runs around screaming her name until he sees her trying to open a door. 

Cruze: Cambry help my spare gasoline is in there.


Narrator: At that moment the room they are trying to enter explodes. They cling to the door and are shot straight into the water. Cruze is somewhat safe on top of the board and Cambry is under the water.


Cruze: I'll never let go Cambry! I'll never let go!


Cambry: We don't have hands Cruze how can you hold on in general. 

Cruze: (begins to push him underwater) I'll remember you.


Cambry: WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?


Cruze: SUFFER SUFFER


Cambry: MAN THIS CHICK CRAAAAZY


Narrator: He is fully submerged and forgets how to swim. He starts to sink.


Cambry: Wait a second. I'm cambry!


Narrator: He activates his submarine gear and sends Cruze into a deep sea vortex.

Cruze: Damn you Cambry. I will have my revenge!

Cambry: You are going to sleep with the fishes. Goodnight.


Narrator: She disappears as the vortex collapses. Cambry flies to the lifeboat with his friends and takes them all to the safety of their home.  


Larry: Well Cambry, how'd it go with that lady car?


Cambry: Not too good Larry. Not too good.


Brian: I'm gonna miss that boat. It was by far the best time I have had on one of these adventures. 


Cambry: I thought I found my rose. But I really found my Mother Gothel.


Larry: Let's cool it on the movie references for a little bit buddy. 


Narrator: They ride home and sleep the night terrors away.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 78: Stories from the Streets