
Narrator: It has been a couple lake trips since their last adventure. The losers are receiving some well deserved rest from their rest. A lot happens in the background of these adventures. Let's take a look at some stories from the streets. *flashback harp thing*


Timmy: I'm too busy to save the universe and run the country, therefore, your new president is Ray Liotta Private Select.


Larry: wait, so who’s the Ray Liotta’s Vice President then?


All: NOBODY CARES!


Larry: Ok Timmy, lets roll home. 


Narrator: They roll onto what would become their next adventure at Pig Acne. Little did they know what they had left behind.


Ray: Well. Ok here's the deal. As the new president I will be using Kevin Spacey as my vice. 


KS: Oh I gotta go film a cat movie. 


Ray: Tell them to wait, we got business to attend to.


Narrator: We now flash forward several adventures.


KS: SIR SIR WE HAVE ANOTHER SITUATION!


Ray:(in shambles) WHAT. WHAT IS IT KEVIN!


KS: THOSE DAMN KIDS ERADICATED HALF OF THE POPULATION OVER TRAFFIC CONTROL!


Ray: God dammit. Get the UN ready we gotta set some things straight. 


Narrator: We see a very busy UN room. World leaders from all worlds are present. 


Elmer: NONSENSE. I gave those boys the power of the gods to fight evil. They would never commit such crimes.

Ray: That may be true but take a look at their track record. They have set off thousands of chain events in MULTIPLE dimensions. For god sakes the Time police can’t keep up with them.


Elmer: I understand your concern. But I swear by the grace of myself I am not mistaken. These boys are our only key to survival. 


Cashier: They have blown up my store thousands of times but I forgive them. They are good business. 

Ray: Ok we will grant a pardon until we discover who is behind this treachery. Let's move on to the discussion of the missing Shrek Bootlegs and where they went.


Narrator: Elmer gulps. We now pan to another story from some time ago on Mount everest. 


Ernesto: Sure let's Ernestgo!


Cambry: Wow, what an overdone catchphrase. LET'S ROLL!


Narrator: They hike for a couple days and bond as a team until they reach the summit and see the two bros meditating. 


Clichenie: Oh hey guys.*eye roll XD*


BJ: Look who came crawling back.


Larry: Will you two please help us destroy the meteor?


Narrator: The events carry out like normal. Ernesto however leaves in the midst of the action to descend the mountain after hearing her call. He gracefully clears the chasms and fields on the side of the mountain. At the base he finds a village being tormented by Yetis.


Ernesto: This is not ideal. Alright here we go. BURN BRIGHT


Narrator: Ernesto’s hands turn bright with green fire. He slams his hands into the ground creating a river of snow water rushing into town. He sweeps the Yetis to the outskirts of the village. He runs to them and punches them all with his flaming fists. Once the yetis are exterminated he tends to the villagers and their wounds, healing them with his flaming hands. A child asks him who he is.


Ernesto: I am simply a man of the mountain. 


Narrator: He heals the wounded and returns towards the mountain. The villagers watch him leave until he is washed away by a flurry of snow. 


Ernesto: All in a day’s work. 


Narrator: Now we travel to the ultimate frisbee game of their sophomore year.


Timmy: SUGAR HONEY ICED TEA!


Brian: Guys, don't you just lobe buzzer beater cliches


Cambry: Uh guys, maybe running them over wasn’t such a good idea


Brian: I don’t want to go back to the courthouse 


Larry: What should we do?


Timmy: Just run?


Narrator: They rush all the way to science. Let's take a look at the losers of this battle. We see Kaden helping Abby up from being run over. Jacob and Francisco walk up to them.


Francisco: Well that was embarrassing. 


Jacob: No such thing as embarrassed for us dude.

Abby: You guys are the best. Alright come on babe we gotta get to class.


Narrator: They all step forward simultaneously.


Abby: Actually we are done for the day. Should we follow the losers?

Francisco: You know what? Let's do something else. I got an idea. 


Narrator: They all sit down in a circle and play D and D. The scenario of them facing off against a dragon becomes reality due to plot. They are all dressed in medieval clothing. The dragon grabs onto Abby.


Abby: Help my royal stooges. 


Kaden: I will save you m’lady!


Narrator: Kaden runs towards the dragon with a broadsword but rolls a 5 and is cast aside. 

Francisco: I'll use my magic spell. Fetus Deletus!


Abby: Oh brother.


Francisco: I'm no longer pregnant. 

Narrator: The dragon uses the opening to tail swipe Francisco into the wall. Jacob remains holding his level 33 pixel sword.


Jacob: You're done dude.


Narrator: He charges at the dragon and stabs it directly in it’s head. The dragon collapses and he catches Abby in his weak arms, dropping her from 3 feet in the air. 

All: WE DID IT. HIP HIP HOORAY!


Narrator: They all skip around in glee. We then see two high schoolers turn the corner to see the secondaries surrounding a trash fire prancing on garbage after hallucinating the entire scenario. We now travel back several more years to when the losers were barely children. We see a young PE walking out of his apartment building.

Cashier: PE rent is due! You gotta pay up man I can't keep covering for you.


PE: I'll get it together cashier just give me to the end of the day. I'm gonna go sell this bone compressor and get paid. I promise.


Narrator: He goes to catch a cab but none arrives. He then has to run to the hospital where he is going to sell the invention. They turn it down after saying it is an obsolete tool. After suffering this defeat he goes to pick up his son from daycare.


PES: Hi dad!


PE: Hey kiddo.


PES: Did you sell the thing today?


PE: Not today kiddo.


PES: Aw man. Well my teacher always says, the only way to go when you've hit rock bottom is up!


PE:(smiles) I guess you're right. 


Narrator: They walk home to see that someone else has moved into their apartment and all of their belongings are on the street.


Cashier: Look PE I couldn't do anything about it. The guy offered double rent for the room which is a lot more than what you were giving me man. Look there is a shelter up the road they take 40 people a night. If you hurry you can make it there in time.


Narrator: They rush and run to the shelter but miss the cutoff. We see PE’s son sleeping on his lap. PE carries his sleeping son to a house.


PE: Now listen here son. You are gonna go live with your mom now!


PES: But why?


PE: Because I can't take care of you anymore! You are just too much for me!


PES: Well fine! I don't need you! Have fun with your boring life dad!


Narrator: He runs inside crying and PE walks away in tears after breaking off the connection he had with his son. He wakes up the following morning on a city bench. He sees a flyer for work as a waiter at a mountainside pub. They hire him. One day he walks up to a table with some kids and an adult there.


Brian: Hello sir, this man doesn't have his pork wings.


PE: Sorry, they will be out shortly.


Larry: Unrelated, is parking enforcer your name or your job.


PE: Yes(exits)


Narrator: And so ends the origin story of the loser’s greatest foe. We now move on to some of the humble buildup, of yours truly, along with a formidable foe. Earlier in the scripts, I was getting rich in the background, until it all came crumbling down. Stay tuned folks! (winks at audience)


Manager: (slaps announcerboat on the chest). Anyways, welcome to the job runts. You will be pushed through grueling tasks, have to battle monsters and dispose of radioactive material.


Narrator: (outside the window and pausing the flashback) Here is a script you all may remember. The losers were just getting ready to work in a fat food place, and little did they know I was a potential customer at the time. And little did they know that Gordon Ramsey actually was here.


Ramsey: (walks in secretly, proceeds to the bathroom)


Narrator: Ramsey locks the door behind him. He lets out a sigh of relief and starts examining different parts of the bathroom. He presses different tiles until one of them beeps and caves in. Suddenly a door in the wall made of tiles opens up revealing a dark hallway.


Ramsey: yesss! 


Narrator: Ramsey speed walks down the hallway not knowing that he stepped past a laser trip wire, alerting Manager


Manager: This is your spatula, this is your sponge, one is for the food, the other is for fun. Got it?


Larry: thanks


Manager: (hears alarm go off, panicked)


Narrator: Manager runs into kitchen and slips on an ice cube


Manager: OWWoooWWWWooooWWWOWOWOWWOWO


Larry: Nice on!


Narrator: You know how this scene continues. Manager is in the hospital and management is passed on yada yada. Now audience, you may be wondering, why doesn’t Manager warn the guys about the alarm? Well i mean he slipped on an ice cube and can only assume he got amnesia. Either way doesn’t matter, cut back to Ramsey


Ramsey: cmon. What would the code be? (enters “swalalala skav slug 52 GPU”, it works) Figures. I finally have it. No longer will I be the #2 fat food places. (maniacal laughter, he leaves)


Narrator: Ramsey walks out of the store hastily while the manager is simultaneously being airlifted. This made me suspicious, and so i followed him back to his restaurant literally right next door like a weirdo


Ramsey: (in kitchen preparing according to something in his hands) ah yes! It’s beautiful innit bruv!


Narrator: (to a cashier) hello, i’ll take one of your finest ramburgers! A few moments later, I receive the ramburger and then subsequently leave. I then head over to the losers place and order one of their fatburgers, and then compare the 2. Call me a maniac but these are exactly the same. The same I tell you!


Random guy: Its fast food dude, they all taste the same


Narrator: (crushes both grease traps in clenched fists) This is a crime. I will expose you for your dubious acts Ramsey. I leave the joint. I’ll wait til the losers are back in tomorrow and hopefully I can do something to compete with that dum dum.


Brian: HOW DID WE RUN OUT OF LAMB SAUCE


Cambry: shut up he might be listening


Brian: naw he’s just yelling at someone else’s kids


Cambry: guys I have an idea for once, but it may not work


Timmy: darn leedle


Cambry: Larry, mash those potatoes like you’re getting paid for it!


Larry: wait I’m not getting paid


Cambry: Brian, put on a suit, tie and go use some proactiv


Brian: got em coach


Narrator: (winks at audience thru the window) After some other dialogue, they prepare the meal for me.


Larry: here you go sweetie, burnt mashed potatoes. Bone app the teeth


Narrator: narrator takes a bite of mashed potatoes. They’re pretty good. How much?


Cambry: $20


Narrator: how about I take in this nice joint off your hands


Cambry: how much?


Brian: cambry, how about I make the business decisions


Narrator: I’ll give you $21 for the restaurant 


Cambry: $25 plus some tacos


Narrator: deal (montage of rebuilding the place and making it cooler than ramseys) ahh, she looks beautiful. Just for the finishing touches. (applying the sign which says “Fat boys fat bass blow up fatburgers: Better than ramburgers”


Ramsey: (looks thru window seething with anger) OI you best not be pissing on me restaurant bruv!
Narrator: A gimungous crowd forms at my restaurant compared to the measly few at Ramseys restaurant.


Ramsey: 2 can play at that game wanker!


Narrator: Ramsey puts on a sign that says “Ramseys lamb basted bass burgers: Now with free lamb sauce milkshakes” People immediately flock over to their and slurp up borderline lamb gelatin to their hearts content. Gross. I put up a sign over my old sign which reads “Fat boys fat bass blow up fatburgers: Better than ramburgers: The fattening: Now each burger comes with a side of fry grease injected ice cream and free artery unclogging kits”


Ramsey: OI you've got to be blooty kidding me shambles!


Narrator: The crowd goes back to my restaurant and start slurping fry grease ice cream til the cows come home, then subsequently go into heart failure, to which I solve with the unclogging kits


Ramsey: This isn’t over


HI: It is


Ramsey: what are you talking about bruv. 


HI: are you kidding? You basically but a raw lamb into a blender and served to a customers. Are you a psychopath?


Narrator: Haha moron!


HI: Hey there bud. You’re not off scot free either. Fry grease, in ice cream. Look at that guy, he had one spoonful and he’s already doing the swag.


Narrator: brain freeze.


HI: Both of these restaurants are closed. Actually wait. Ramseys place is closed. You’re getting written out of the series. Narrator your store will just revert to the old building and manager.


Ramsey: I’m getting written out?


HI: Nah we probably will just forget to include you in another script


Ramsey: Fair enough. Gordon out (Rides away on Lambo)


Manager: ahh good to be back. Crap where did my cheap labor force go. Oh well. (drinks ketchup and mustard from the bottles like the guy from the spongebob episode)


Narrator: And so ends the stories from the streets. The sun rises on a new day in the present. Timmy receives a call on the landline.


PE: THERES BEEN A MURDER!


Timmy: I'm on it


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 79: The Thompson Files Part 2