


Narrator: It has been three artery removal surgeries since their last adventure. Timmy receives a call about a murder so he has to once again dawn the role of master detective. We see an announcer boat running through the museum of fine art in fear. He is shot with a dart in the back. He falls onto the floor with the shooter standing above him.


TD: You and I have no connection.

AB: You got that right you shot me!

TD: My quest is almost complete. Farewell dear announcer. 


Narrator: Turkish Delight disappears without a trace. Before going into a coma he grabs a writing utensil and scribbles something onto the stone floor before collapsing. We now see Timmy and company arriving at the scene of the crime with PE managing the area. 


PE: Took you long enough. AB was attacked last night.

Cambry: Is he going to be ok?


PE: Oh hey Cambry hi-5.(they hi 5).Yeah it was a coma shot. He will be comatose for about 4 days.


Larry: Any leads as to what happened?


Timmy: HEY I'M THE DETECTIVE HERE! So PE, any leads?


PE: Uh yeah, he scribbled something onto the ground before collapsing


Narrator: They walk over to see words that read “Propinquorum et finire. Timmy eius invenire”


PE: It's a damn shame nobody speaks Latin anymore. 


Narrator: Timmy scouts the area and notices a lot of armed men protecting the area. He is skeptical. 


Timmy: We need a minute.

PE: Alright there's a bathroom down the hall.

Narrator: They all enter. 


Timmy: Ok Cambry what does it say?


Cambry: Why would I know?


Timmy: Your gps is programmed with over 4 thousand languages. 


Cambry: Oh yeah.


Narrator: Timmy shows Cambry a picture of the text he took covertly earlier. 


Cambry: It reads “He seeks to end relations. Find Timmy”


Timmy: Just as I thought.


Larry: What do you mean?


Timmy: AB wanted me to come investigate this since he knew I was the only one good enough for the job. PE and his goon squad mistook this message as AB exposing me as the murderer.


Brian: Holy shirt balls they think you did it?!


Timmy: Yeah. The first sentence is a clue as to who the real game ender is. 


Cambry: Why do we keep saying murder AB went to sleep for 4 days.


Timmy: Wait Cambry what does that say?


Narrator: They look at the bathroom stall to see it also has writing on it. It reads “45th street is where all becomes clear.”


Larry: I guess that’s where we are going.


Cambry: Let's roll.


Timmy: Wait we can't just walk out they will arrest me. 


Cambry: Oh no problem


Narrator: PE and the soldiers storm the bathroom to see a note reading “I'm innocent” surrounded by the shattered glass of the broken window Cambry drove out of. 


PE: Let them go. We’ll get that killer.


Narrator: The losers evade PE’s forces and pass by a sign showing that the town is closed off for 4 days for a parade.

Brian: So we got 4 days to catch this killer before he disappears from the city.


Larry: Are we almost there Cambry?


Cambry: Have I ever steered you wrong?


All: Yes.


Cambry: Alright fair point but it doesn't matter because we are here. 


Narrator: They stand before a very dirty fountain. The surface of the water is covered with what looks like pepper. Beside them is a cleaning cart of a few community service workers. 


Timmy:(muttering) 45th street is where all becomes clear. OH I GET IT.


Narrator: Timmy grabs some soap off the cart and pours it into the fountain.

Larry: Why would you do that? Is that not a form of vandalism?


Timmy: Look.


Narrator: The peppery substance is pushes away by the soap revealing the bottom of the fountain. On the floor of the fountain are the first ten numbers. Timmy presses the 4 and 5. A doorway opens beneath the fountain and they all enter. 


Cambry: Dang Timmy you should be a detective.

Timmy: Quite elementary you are Cambry.


Cambry: Yay I'm in 5th grade!


Narrator: They make it to the bottom and find a large study. In the middle in a leather chair is HitmanMaid and Aquaman.


Brian: Oh...it's you.


Larry: (whispers) I forget if they hate each other or not.


Timmy:(to Larry) I'm pretty sure it's that way. 


HM: Hi guys… and brian.


Brian: How's your muscular fish man boyfriend? Still fish?


Aquaman: (walks in) what's the haps!


Narrator: Brian in a rage tries to summon the shank. His eyes glow with lightning but Timmy receives it first. Brian takes the hint.


Aquaman: sup champ


Brian: shut it


Timmy: chill out, we’re here for something, remember


Larry; Ok so you guys know something bout the murderer?


HM: Yes. Very little. He goes by Turkish Delight.


Brian: Ooo spooky. Did your boyfriend come up with that?


HM: Omg you are so immature.


Brian: YOUR MOM IS IMMATURE! Sorry, I didn’t mean it. My fault (starts crying, talking to himself) NOO! You’re better than that! That’s why she left you in the first place (starts crying)


Aquaman: Hey pal cool it. 


Brian: Don’t mess with me fish flakes. I will rip your veins out of your forearms and use them as jump ropes!


HM: (blushing) Nevermind that! So this guy has been targeting random people for some time now. His next objective has been discovered to be President Liotta. 


Timmy: Oh that guy. Wonder how he’s doing. 

Aquaman: Lucky for you guys he is in town. He is at the holiday inn right now. 


Brian: I have nothing to critique in your sentence but rest assured I have nothing but pure disdain for you and everything you stand for.


Aquaman: ok, putting that aside, I think we should get a move on before the sun sets.


Brian: whatever you say bass for brains 

Narrator: As they walk up the stairwell they hear police sirens. PE and his forces have surrounded them.


Larry: How did they find us?

Timmy: Probably with this.


Narrator: Timmy shows the tracker that had been placed on Cambry. 


Cambry: How did that get there...OH HE HIGH FIVED ME THAT JERK.


Aquaman: What now?


Brian: I got this aqualad. 


Narrator: Brian steps out into the open with his hands up. 

PE: Come peacefully and we won't get serious.

Brian: Ok ok. Hey what is that? PROMOTION FROM PARKING ENFORCER TO PARKING MANAGER?!


PE: WHAT WHERE?


Narrator: Brian uses the confusion to sneak cambry and the rest upstairs where they drive away without anyone noticing.

PE: Forget them for now, find that promotion!


Narrator: They safely make it to the holiday inn. In the lobby they walk up to reception and see it is empty. As a matter of fact the whole hotel is empty. 

Larry: Wait you guys said Ray Liotta was here?


Aquaman: Yeah about that.


Narrator: The lights turn off and HM and Aquaman pull out their weaponry. 


Timmy: Bollocks! We have ourselves quite the pickle. 

Brian: I knew you were the same. Classic HitmanMaid. Get me all excited and crush me with a single blow.

Aquaman: Yeah bro you got served.

Brian: I WILL DESTROY YOU!


Narrator: Brian lunges at Aquaman but is cast aside from a strike of his trident. Cambry runs over HitmanMaid rendering her useless but Cambry is stuck in drive and rolls away. Larry activates his heckabyte and scans Aquaman.


Aquaman: What was that for?


Larry: Research.


Narrator: The suit makes a flaming hot sword from the right hand. Aquaman begins to vaporize slightly.


Aquaman: Whatever, see you guys on the east side.


Narrator: Aquaman swims away with HitmanMaid and Cambry rolls back to the group. Brian regains his footing. 

Brian: Dammit. No wonder she chose him.


Timmy: Not now Brian. The president is still in danger.


Larry: He is giving a speech a quarter of a mile away from here. 


Narrator: They roll to a rooftop where they see a sniper trained on Ray Liotta’s position. 


Larry: Stop Turkish Delight. We caught you!


TD: How do I know you? HOW DO I KNOW YOU?


Narrator: He flings himself at the losers using masterful martial arts. Larry scans him but is unable to act due to the sheer speed of TD. Brian mangages to get a few hits in before also being disabled. Cambry drives into TD who jumps over him. Timmy jumps towards him punching and they both pass each other on the ground. His mask splits in two.


Timmy: Wait. What?


Larry: It doesn't make any sense. 


Brian: Hitman?


Narrator: The fallen mask reveals Hitman to be the true identity of the vigilante Turkish Delight. You should’ve seen this coming guys its in the name

TD: I know nothing of this Hitman.


Narrator: He throws down a smoke bomb. The smoke settles revealing him on his ship with Brian in tow. He disappears onto his ship into the cosmos. Shortly after recovering another ship enters the atmosphere.


Larry: What’s that?


Timmy: Tommy and his friends I think.


Larry: Man they get a spaceship! All we got was Cambry. 


Cambry: Hey, that's me!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 80: Defenders of the Cosmos 2: Return of the Hitman