
Narrator: It has been twelve dumb comments by Timmy since their last adventure. Clichenie has been taken, forcing the lounge to turn into powur rangers.


Larry: Who are you?


Zoros: I am Zoros, your personal Powur Ranger helper.


Cambry: Wait, did you say Powur Rangers?


Zoros: Yes, your friend has been taken by Foroz, my evil brother. It is up to you to stop him!


Timmy: But how?


Zoros: With these(hands out morphers). These morphers will allow you to turn into Rangers of your own. We will start with Timmy. Morph


Timmy: Morphine Time(Timmy Morphs)


Zoros: Timmy, you are the Blurple Ranger, controlling the element of water.


Timmy: Radical


Zoros: Next, Cambry. Morph


Cambry: Morphine Time(Morphs)


Zoros: You are the Green Ranger, a free spirit in control of transportation


Cambry: Let's Roll


Zoros: Next Brian, Morph


Brian:Morphine Time (Morphs)


Zoros: You are the Black Ranger, because you’re a ginger.


Brian: Woooooo! (tyrese gibson)


Larry: Morphine time (Morphs)


Zoros: You are the red Ranger, because you are a good leader, plus everyone follows you.


Brian: Titan robot go!


Timmy: Wrong show Brian!


Cambry: Let’s roll


Zoros: You will now receive your super swords, except for Cambry, who gets lasers


Cambry: Gel yeah


Zoros: Now go, stop Foroz


Cambry: Lets Roll 


Zoros: Wait, un-morph, it will be more dramatic when you suit up on the battlefield.


Narrator: They unmorph


Zoros: Now you can roll


Cambry: Lets Roll again


Narrator: They all go on the S.S Cliche and head towards the Battlefield, the Krispy Creeme down by the lake. They arrive there ten twelves later.


Larry: Where is Foroz?


Brian: Unrelated, what is down there.

Narrator: They look down and see a Krispy Creeme, underwater.


Cambry: Lets Roll


Narrator: They begin to submerge.


Brian: It even works underwater.


Timmy: I can scarcely believe this is working right I can guarantee you in a minute this whole operation gonna come apart, I'm gonna fall in the water and I might go blind for life.


Narrator: They make it to the Krispy Creeme unhurt


Brian: Here we go, to fight the Foroz save the Clichenie and nothing else.


Larry: Lets go


Narrator: They walk inside to see Foroz the evil


Foroz: Hello Rangers, you have come to challenge me for your friend.


Narrator: They look up to see Clichenie hanging by a chain in a cage.


Clichenie: Help me rangers.


Larry: Its morphing time!


Narrator: They all morph one by one


Larry: Red Ranger ready


Timmy: Blurple Ranger ready


Cambry: Green Ranger Ready


Brian: Black Ranger Ready


All: Power Rangers, We are united and don't sue us


Cambry: I got this


Narrator: He shoots a laser beam at Foroz but he blocks it with his mighty forehead


Foroz: Haha


Brian: Don't worry, I'm the black one


Narrator: He strikes him with a blow from his sword that does minor damage but Foroz shoots him back with an energy blast.


Larry: Ok, I have an idea. Timmy summon Elmer.


Timmy:(Pulls out shell) Ok(Blows shell)


Narrator: Out of nowhere the water evaporates and they are on dry land. Standing above them is Elmer himself. After asking for consent, larry hops on his back


Larry: Charge!


Narrator: They charge as Larry thrusts his sword straight into Foroz


Foroz: NOooooo(Explodes)


Brian: Yeah we won.


Timmy: Are we gonna ignore the thousands of marine life we just killed from evaporating the water?


Brian: Chill your bubble bass. Besides, you were the one that evaporated the water!


Timmy: Damage, it’s like everything is always my fault.


Brian: We still won.


Larry: Brian you ignorant slug, every powur rangers episode ends with a megamode fight.


Foroz: Don't celebrate too early bois.


Narrator: Foroz grows 52 times larger


Foroz: Fight me


Zoros: Now it is time for you to use your megazords. Brian, you have the Ginger Zord. Timmy, you are the Meme zord. Cambry, you are already a zord. And Larry, you are the emoji zord. Together you form the Cliche Zord.


All: Megamode Power


Narrator: They link together forming the Cliche Zord


Larry: Take this Foroz


Narrator: They all use their new lightning sword to shock Foroz. As he is stunned they finish him off.


All: Powur Rangers Final Strike!

Narrator: They strike Foroz straight in the Grand Canyon, crippling his depression.


Foroz: You haven’t seen the last of me
Narrator: With the last of his energy Foroz shoots a healing beam into the sky. He also shoots the gang with a blast. Little do they know that the healing blast brought the hitman back to life and the blast he shot the gang with put them all except cambry into a coma. Inside the coma, the three og loungers relive their orangin story.

Cambry: This looks bad.


Zoros: See ya rangers.




To be continued in Carnival Cliche 9: Our Orangins