


Narrator: It has been several sevens since their last adventure. We see a quiet forest. Slowly half of the animals wiped away returned to the land. The outlier is one Hitman. He stands in the forest completely disoriented. He hears voices in his head. In a daze he runs out of the forest to the nearest town. He walks into a bar and sits down. Faint memories flow back into his brain. He feels emotions of both hatred and content. Even without a full memory he knew he was stronger than the average man.


Cashier: Hey who are you?


Hitman: Me? I'm..

Narrator: he looks over to the world map on the wall and back at some cadbury delight chocolate on the table.


Hitman: I'm turkish delight. Do you have a pen?


Narrator: We now travel to present day.  The Defenders of the Cosmos are riding on the Milan after leaving the losers on Earth after debriefing them first. 


Dave: We’re getting closer. The heat signature is getting warmer


Phil: thats odd, we haven’t moved any faster


Dave: hmm, maybe he stopped then


Tommy: We should probably be careful then. He might have setup something


Chill: I’m chill.


Narrator: We now see Hitman’s ship where Brian is in shackles. Aquaman and Hitman pace back and forth in front of him. 


Brian: Hitman what the hell are you doing?


Hitman: I know nothing of that name. All I know are the names in my head. Aquaman told me he was a descendant of mine and Hitmanmaid is my daughter supposedly.


Brian: (to aquaman) For real dude? Descendant?


Aquaman: Son in law is basically the same thing. Oh yeah did I mention me and HitmanMaid are getting married?


Brian:(in pure rage) WHAT?


Narrator: The shank flies all the way from Earth and directly hits the ship at insane speeds, however is not able to break through completely. His shackles are on the brink of snapping.


Aquaman: hahaha weakling.

Hitman: Easy aquaman. 


Brian: So what is your goal here Hitman or should I say TD?


Hitman: I woke up and all I could remember was a list of names and that I was strong. Like unusually strong. My goal has been to remove myself from the lives of those I could remember the names of. You lot however won't seem to stop interfering with my work. So the only way to rid myself of you is literally getting rid of you.


Brian: So you want to get rid of all of us in order for you to live in your new life?


Hitman: Something like that 


Brian: bro i get youre kinda evil now but your motives aren’t clear


Hitman: I will be honest with you Brian. I too am lost. All I know is that you and your friends are keeping me from living the life I want to live. I can have no attachments from my previous life if I am to be successful in this one. Either way, I’m sure your group will be devastated from your absence 


Timmy: huh so how do you think Brians doing


Cambry: probably fine i don't know. ICE CREAM


Brian: Sure man. I know my friends are worried about me, plus I know the Defenders of the cosmos are right behind us.


Narrator: A loud metal clang is heard, and a giant dent is indented in hitman's ship. Everyone onboard is shaken. Hitman seems irritated but he quickly takes initiative and accelerates the ship.


Dave: Faster!


Narrator: They drive further into the ship. Frustrated, Hitman turns the engine up to max, exhausting powerful flames into the defenders ships, causing them to spin rapidly, hit a nearby asteroid and descend towards a random planet in the distance.


Phil: MAYDAY!


Chill: I’m not chill right now.


Narrator: They collide with the ground. A slight smirk forms on Hitman. Brian yet again tries to break the shackles managing to break one of them before Hitman points a gun backward towards Brian.


Hitman: Don’t


Narrator: Hitman regains control of his ship and carries on into space. The defenders recover on the ground. 

Bobby: Yo dawg this shippity ship needs some work. Give me a few hours and I'll get it in prime condition. 


Dave: cool. Dang, hopefully we can catch up to them somehow


Narrator: Meanwhile, back on Earth, the losers are just vibing when a radar goes off on larry's wrists.


Larry: uh oh. This isn’t good.


Timmy: whats up


Larry: I think somethings up with the defenders


Cmbry: what do you mean


Larry: The micro trackers I put on them aren’t signally


Timmy: (raises eyebrow) micro trackers


Larry: hey hey it was a defense protocol.


Timmy: ok weirdo. Well I guess that actually helps us. Although, where are we gonna find them


Larry: i could heckabyte and try to search but I don’t think a one man job will be of any use


Cambry: You guys can ride me to space just like in the old scripts.


Timmy: true, we haven’t done that in a while.


Cambry: lets roll (tries to rev into spaceship mode)


Narrator: Cambry is perfectly still


Cambry: well this is embarrassing. 


Larry: to be fair we haven’t made you do this in a while. But like, nothing Cambry?


Cambry: i'm really trying. (grunt) damnit.


Larry: its fine, we’ll think of something.


Timmy: hey, where's my shank. Don’t tell me.


Narrator: TImmy detects his shank as being extremely far into space.


Timmy: What the… (summons it) Hold up I got an idea. Guys stand back


Larry: Whatever you’re doing, its kinda hot.


Timmy: strike me down gods of cod 


Narrator: timmy lifts the shank and is struck by lightning. He turns into a ball of energy. We now return to Hitmans ship and Brian is just sitting behind the other passengers, when suddenly he lets out a small gasp as lightning fills his eyes. Brian and timmy are now in a small area occupied by what appears to be pure energy


Timmy: Holy crap did it work


Brian: what the, where are we, and how.


Timmy: ok dont ask me because i have no clue but I’m gonna give an explanation of what i thinks happening. We both seem to transmit the power of lightning via the god of cod, and I think that power transfers. I just summoned that energy and I think we are now telepathically speaking to each other


Brian: shiii. That’s cool dawg. So this goes both ways?


Timmy: maybe, but seeing as how i hold the title of the god of lightning, you may not have as strong a connection to start the transmit


Brian: either way, this is cool. So what’s going on?


Timmy: Larry says the defenders just crashed. And you’re still on the ship I take it
 
Brian: yes.


Timmy: alright, hopefully we can use this throughout to track down your exact location.


Narrator: The energy releases and both appear back where they were originally


Hitman: whats going on back there


Brian: uh, nothing. I’m kinda hungry


Hitman: Convenient. We’re gonna make a couple stops


Brian: couple of stops?


Hitman: Look i captured you because I need you to show me various locations across the universe that may have been important to my past


Brian: i thought you wanted to remove all past traces of your old life


Hitman: I know brian but alas knowledge is power. Hopefully this will give me more knowledge about the universe


Brian: if it makes you back to the old hitman maybe. The one we cared about somewhat


Hitman: who knows. (turns away from Brian and smiling like a villain)


Cambry: hey Timmy you’re back!


Timmy: ok I just telepathically spoke to Brian and we need to get a move on


Cambry: Got it Timmy! (Transforms into a 2000 foot submarine with rocket boosters)


Larry: Holy mother of cod


Cambry: YAY I'm no longer useless. Without further ado, let's roll


Narrator: they roll. We now return back to the defenders, who are wandering to find any signs of intelligent life.


Bobby: damn this is taking longer than expected. Hopefully those guys can find some people to help us, and not freaks.


Phil: Hopefully we find someone soon to help us get back on our feet. 


Dave: Yeah we might lose brian.


Chill: Something here is chillingly familiar. *gasp* I KNOW THIS PLACE!


Narrator: They run up a hill and see the ice city chill came from. They run up to the chieftain’s office. 


CC: Hello travelers. What is it that the great Chillians can assist you with? 


Dave: Hello, your grace. Me and my friends crash landed here and we could use some assistance. 


CC: Wait a second? Chill is that you?


Chill: Yes Chief it is me.


CC: RING THE ROYAL BELLS. MY SON THE PRINCE HAS RETURNED!


Dave and Phil: THE PRINCE?


Chill: Hey dad, what’s chilly?


CC: Icy this time of year


Chill: cool


Phil: I wish I had a dad 


Bobby: ayo dawg we need help. Our ship is kinda bussin and we need to fix it to get back a loser. Can you help us


CC: sure thing home sl-ice with emphasis on the ice. We’ll give you a couple upgrades as well. This is all thanks to you guys for allowing me to see my son again


Narrator: After a short montage the people of the planet repair and upgrade the Milan with new weapon and defense systems. Also water cooling.


Dave: Thank you but we must be off. We got a friend to save!


CC: Son, you are the rightful heir to this throne. One day you must return to claim it. 

Chill: Maybe but right now I'll stick to chillaxing. 


CC: Alright travel safe Defenders!


Narrator: They power up and race after Hitman. Meanwhile Hitman’s ship lands in New York.


Hitman: I get a massive influx of memory from this place. Why?


Brian: You met us here technically. Wait did you fly off into space just to come back to Earth.


Hitman: No one expects it. Ah. The origin. Sounds good, let's continue. 

Narrator: Hitman takes off to the next location. He travels to Old Guinea. 

Hitman: What now Brian? Why do I remember this place?


Brian: I don't know dude but it seems like a beach house.


Hitman: yes. That enforcer found me here before we went…


Narrator: They fly to six flags.


Hitman: I remember this. Fighting my enemy alongside my ally. How primitive to deal in those terms. But the memories are returning. 

Brian: Great what now?


Hitman: We have to get to my Hitbeam. 


Brian: Hit beam?


Hitman: Why yes? If all of my connections are on Earth then I will get rid of it. 


Brian: WHAT?


Narrator: We see Larry and the losers heading to the coordinates of the Milan. They notice the trackers reporting it has moved. They adjust course and park at a space popeyes. They dock in the Milan.

Dave: Oh hey guys! We crashed on Chill’s planet but we cool now


Chill: cold pun


Larry: You guys see Brian?

Phil: nah we trucked them with our ship but haven’t seen them since


Timmy: hold up real quick. Strike me down gods of cod


Brian: huh, this again


Timmy: yep, real quick, uh where are you


Brian: i mean i don't know exactly where i am but, wait you think we can use lightning to our advantage


Timmy: Wait, hold that thought. Brirate a current to which we can somewhat track each other (They exit the minan, try to give yourself a shock, and I’ll do the same. Hopefully we can gened field) 


Timmy: GOO! (both Brian and Timmy shock themselves, which does nothing but shock themselves) hold up again (enters the mindfield again) Ok so this isn’t gonna work


Brian: wait why don't you just follow the shank? Ill summon it and you can follow its path?


Timmy: holy crap why didn't i think of that earlier


Brian: ok, lets go (they exit)


Narrator: Brian just slightly reaches out his fingers calling for the shank


Brian: (to TImmy) alright timmy its on its way


Timmy: (to Brian) I don’t see it


Brian: (to himself) oh wait


Narrator: brian zaps it and a little spark is seen on the shank, making it visible in the depths of space. It whizzes past the losers.


Timmy: (to cambry and the defenders) Follow that shank!


Cambry: let's roll


Narrator: Hitman pulls up to his space station Hitbeam. It is the size of a planet. They make their way to the control room. 


Brian: You can’t do this Hitman. There are billions of innocent lives on Earth. Can you not just remember and move on?


Hitman: (slaps him) You fool. YOU DON'T THINK I WANT TO. If I could simply reminisce instead of delete I would take that offer instantly. But the two voices in my head never stop arguing. If I remove their talking points than I will finally be free of THIS HELL.


Brian: Wait...two voices? YO HITMAN ARE YOU IN THERE?

Narrator: He shudders and changes emotionally.


Hitman: Brian. Holy crap you guys beat PE thats impressive. (shudders) You are my next target Brian Brock (shudders) What I didn't say that? (shudders) LEAVE ME YOU DEMONS!


Brian: You have both versions of you in your head. You just can't decide which one to listen to.


Hitman: SILENCE CHILD. HitmanMaid and Aquaman leave us. (they leave) The beam takes some time to charge up so get comfortable. We are in for the long haul.


Brian: That is an awful reference.

Narrator: Brian draws on the shank with slightly more force. In a short time the losers come into view of the hitbeam.


Tommy: Jesus its bigger than PE’s endgame ship.


Larry: Land near the wings. TSAs that way


Timmy: man why we going through TSA


Larry: to be nice


Thug 1: Ok step ahead. Ok hold up stop right there.


Thug 2: hey watcha doing, you think youre better than me


Thug 1: You think youre better than me


Thug 2: he thinks hes better than us


Timmy: I haven’t even said anything


Thug 1: (points gun) shut it


Timmy: (to Brian) give me a sec


Narrator: Timmy summons the shanks and slices at both the thugs putting them to the ground. The defenders and the losers pass through. 


Timmy: We’re certainly getting closer.


Hitman: The beam has just passed 50 percent charge. It seems as though any hopes of survival are lost.

Brian: (feels timmy’s presence) I wouldn't be so sure. 


Narrator: Brian smiles as the wall of the control room caves in. The Milan unloads and Hitman runs to another room. They free Brian from the shackles.

Brian: The shutoff switch is not far from here let's go!


Narrator: As they run Brian sees a sign for a room that reads “the honeymoon suite”


Brian: You guys go ahead. (grows sterner) I have unfinished business.


Narrator: He walks into the room. The room is filled with one big fish tank type pool. Aquaman pops out with the Trident in hand. 


Aquaman: Oh hey Brian. Here to get your sea legs?


Brian: this ends now.


HM: Oh god. Men.


Narrator: Brian charges across the water almost walking on it but slips into it. Aquaman takes this opportunity to jump in. He crashes into brian from every angle by swimming at immense speeds. The wind is knocked out of him. In a last ditch effort of desperation he enters the minefield, surrounding himself with electric energy. Aquaman is pushed out of the water. Timmy feels it while running.

Brian: timmy he is too strong I don't think I can do this.

Timmy: Do you want to know one of the greatest powers of the lightning gods?


Brian: What would that be?


Timmy: TRANSFER(in boost voice)


Narrator: Brian’s eyes shoot open with the bluest lightning. He emerges from the water holding the shank. The water is now uninhabitable due to the electric current. 

Brian: You ready bass for brains?


Aquaman: (smiles) Finally a challenge.


Narrator: The smile quickly fades. Brian uses the new lightning power to act at super speeds. Aquaman lobs his trident which is blocked by Brians tiny shank. Brian then throws the shank which slashes Aquaman for minimal damage. In a bout of rage, Aquaman summons water and forms a vortex twisting Brian. He struggles, then strikes lightning down on Aquaman. Aquaman is stunned and Brian strikes lightning at the vortex of water heading straight for Aquaman electrocuting him.


Aquaman: WHY YOU LITTLE!!


Narrator: Aquaman sends water similar to that of a pressure hose hurling Brian into the wall. He throws the Trident at Brian who deflects it, but Aquaman immediately sends it back, surprising Brian. The trident makes minor contact with his chest, yet nonetheless hurting. Aquaman has Brian pinned and is trying to impale him with the trident. Brian struggles to hold it back, and the trident draws nearer to cutting all the way through. Suddenly a scream is heard


Hitmanmaid: STOP! (Runs in front of Brian shielding him) 


Aquaman: What! What are you doing babe! Don’t tell me you still like this loser


Hitmanmaid: I mean, yeah.


Aquaman: Are you serious? Do you not love me?


Hitmanmaid: YES! I hate you!


Aquaman: I see. (drops brian, turns around and starts walking casually) I see what I must do. (he turns around quickly and throws his trident which hits Hitmanmaid straight into the chest pinning her to the wall, and then pulls it out)


Brian: NOOOOOOO


Aquaman: (casually walks over and sits down on a chair) You are not worthy of my presence princess. I guess I can’t let hitman know. I’ll have to kill him too i guess.


Brian: hitman isn’t normal right now, but he doesn’t deserve to die either you lunatic.


Hitmanmaid: (whispers) Brian.


Brian: (immediately turns and runs to her dying corpse) Come on please. Stay with me. We could’ve done so many things together. Please.


Hitmanmaid: I love you. (dies, bum bum bum)


Brian: (silent)


Aquaman: Look, even if you got with her, I saved you. She was whiny, and annoying and terrible. The worst girlfriend you could’ve asked for!


Brian: (whisper) i loved her


Aquaman: look man, even with that lame chick you didn't have a chance. You’re somehow even more lame.


Brian: (whisper) but ii… i loved her


Aquaman: If you are going to sit here and cry all day, I have no choice but to gladly remove you from this universe (slowly gets up from chair and walks towards Brian who is facing away)


Narrator: A tear of solid white made of pure lightning runs down his cheek, falling on the floor and makes contact with a small puddle emitting a tiny cloud of smoke.


Brian: I’m afraid you’ve made a grave mistake.


Aquaman: pardon?


Narrator: The room glows in white and Aquaman is instantly blinded. Brian turns around. His eyes are filled with a bright white and lightning is emitting a blue aura around him. He is levitating.


Brian: NOOOOOOOOOO


Timmy: (has a sharp pain) OWWW


Larry: Whats going on Timmy

TImmy: I can feel it. Brian. His power.


Larry: what do you mean


Timmy: Basically I gave almost all my lighting and god powers. About 99% of it to be exact. I still retain the 1% in case I need it. However, the sheer power I feel is overwhelming me, it hurts! GAH!


Larry: If it hurts that much, and you only have 1% of his power than how much power does Brian have? (they stare at each other)


Aquaman: Catch! 


Narrator: Aquaman throws his trident, breaking the sound barrier. Brian catches it.




Narrator: Brian starts yelling, and the trident begins glowing. A shockwave surrounds the trident, reforging it into a sword made of raw lightning. Aquaman literally pisses his pants. He realizes his mistake and summons every single fish in existence to protect him. Brian shoots a small thunderbolt out of the tip of the sword instantly killing every single fish and leaving Aquaman alone. He surrounds himself with condensed water, making somewhat of a shield.


Brian: You really don’t know much about anything huh?


Aquaman: What do you mean loser?


Brian: water and electricity don’t mix. (stares at Aquaman maliciously) Strike me down gods of cod!


Narrator: Brian gets zapped and becomes pure lightning. He is no longer man. He enters Aquaman's water ring, and starts electrozapping him with a force of 52 trillion giga volts, causing him to instantly fry.


Aquaman: (with literal last breath) It doesn't matter loser. She’s dead.


Brian: Puny fish man.


Narrator: Brian brings HitmanMaid back from the dead with lightning speed regeneration. Brian powers down and enters a fatigued state. Aquaman enters a state of pure respect before passing out. 


HM: You saved me.


Brian: Did you mean what you said?


HM: I did. And I think you did too. But we can't. My dad would never approve.


Brian: (saddened) I understand.


Narrator: She gives him a peck on the cheek and runs off. Brian blushes and limps towards the others. 


Narrator: Meanwhile the others make it to the other shut off room. Hitman is there holding twin glocks. Larry enters heckabyte armor and Timmy summons Shank Breaker. Cambry decides to charge at him at full speed as usual. Hitman fires one of the guns. It releases a shockwave that flips Cambry over. He skids across the room and is unable to turn back over. Timmy had already loaned Brian most of his energy so he uses a hail mary axe throw. Hitman easily dodges and uses the momentum to swing it back at Timmy without holding it. Larry and Hitman standoff.


Hitman: What will you do now fearless leader of the losers?


Larry: I've been waiting for this. Activate Adaptive Battle Suit!


Narrator: Larry powers up and his suit changes form.


Hitman: What is that?


Larry: Something I have been working on in the little spare time I get. I can scan a villain and figure out what I need to defeat them. I scanned you earlier so get ready.

Hitman: Do your worst.


Larry: What else would I do?


Narrator: Larry lunges at him. His suit accounts for Hitman’s kung fu prowess and acts as a defense system for him. He then disarms Hitman using two concussion blasts. Hitman plays dirty however. He uses a secret arm grapple to pin Larry to a wall where he pounds away at Larry. 


Larry: (to self) Shoot critical health. Alright now or never. Activate Brian Protocol.  


Narrator: Larry sets off another concussion that sends everyone flying. He steps out of the armor and walks towards Hitman.


Larry: You have a daughter and family you love very much.


Hitman: What?


Larry: PE and you had a sibling rivalry type relationship that you enjoyed.


Hitman: Stop.


Larry: You dedicated your life to being a professional hitman. You chased us for a very long time. You said that we gave you meaning in a way.


Hitman: STOP IT. GET OUT OF MY HEAD.

Narrator: Hitman enters a mental breakdown with all three of his personalities. 

Larry: This persona you have created is nothing but a mask to hide the truth you know and hold dear. 


Hitman: STOP THIS. YOU MAGGOT.


Larry: You were never this “Turkish Delight” you thrive off of your relationships. You are the Special Hitman in Turkey.


Narrator: The words resonate in his ears. Hitman feels an incredible headache followed by an immense calm. For the first time in months his mind has one voice, his. 


Larry: You there?


Hitman: Hello Larry. It's me. The real me.


Larry: Good to have you back. What are you gonna do now?


Hitman: Well first of all.


Narrator: He shuts down the hitbeam. 


Hitman: I think I will continue my trek across space. This time I won't go seeking vengeance and stuff though. But don't cross me because I am still a decent threat. 


Larry: I don't think I will ever understand you.


Hitman: Good. Thank you Larry. Jakespeed.


Narrator: Hitman takes off in his ship leaving the losers to recover on the Hitbeam. They decide not to self destruct the ship because plot. They land safely on Earth and bid farewell to the Defenders of the Cosmos. 


Timmy: Well that was something wasn't it?

Brian: The power I felt was unreal. How do I do it again!

Timmy: It isn't easy dude. But I could train you.


Larry: Well then how about we have ourselves a cheat day for training.


Cambry: let's roll to get stronger!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 81: Training Day