


Narrator: It has been 52 trillion gigawatts since their last adventure. After their encounters with Hitman and Aquaman the losers realize they must grow stronger if they wish to keep up with their enemies. They meet up with Elmer to take their training assignments.


Elmer: Over the time of these adventures you all have improved incredibly. I wish I could take all the credit since I gave you these powers but you guys have upgraded them to insane levels.


Larry: Thanks elmer. 

Elmer: That being said. I have the perfect training exercises for all of you. These should allow you to tap into your potential. Timmy and Brian. You both share the power of the gods. Combined we have seen the power that can be possessed.


Brian: I'm still jittery.


Elmer: But you relied on both rage and Timmy’s loaning of power to achieve said feats. You and Timmy have incredible potential. I'm gonna take you both to the shrines of the gods to train. Larry, your suit technology is quite extraordinary.


Larry: Thank you. I have improved upon your design a lot.


Elmer: Yes I noticed. But you are not so well rounded. You have to be a man without the suit. I am sending you to Mount Everest. He will find you quite quickly.


Larry: Ok?


Narrator: He sends Larry to the Mountain. He prepares to leave with Brian and Timmy.


Cambry: Wait what about me?


Elmer: Oh yes...Cambry. Cambry unlike the rest of the group you have made little to no improvements in your Cambrius Prime mode. I'm going to send you to PigAcne once again. Magic may be your only hope.

Cambry: Ooo I can go see professor Gandalf again!


Narrator: They all part ways. We see Larry land on the mountain side. He is in his suit for warmth. While wandering around in the cold he sees a few yetis who spot him as well. He pulls out the heat sword he used against Aquaman but one of the yetis had an arm made of rocks from the mountain. It swung at Larry knocking him off of his feet. He stumbles to get up but two more yetis reach him first and rip the suit off of him. He sits there shivering in the cold with no hope of survival. All of the sudden the yetis begin to fall one by one. Above their bodies stands a single man. Larry barely gets a glimpse at him before passing out. We now see Elmer landing at the shrines.

Elmer: This place is the bridge from the godly realm to the earth. My shrine is over there.

Timmy: The one with the golden waterfalls and diamond horses?

Elmer: No that is my cousins. I live there.


Narrator: They look to the left and see the most grand shrine in the area with all of the amenities you can think of. 


Elmer: We will start there and then I will introduce you two to one of my friends. 


Brian: ooo mysterious.


Elmer: Alright let's get to work.

Narrator: A small training montage plays. Brian and Timmy train their super strength on weight machines used by the gods. After some time they sit down in front of Elmer.

Elmer: Well done. Your bodies will no longer limit your performance. 


Brian: We ain't buff but we ain't not buff!


Timmy: Yeah baby woo.


Brian: Woah that must be the adrenaline.


Elmer: Alright I think you guys are ready to start training on your powers. Now before you begin learning how to harness your powers you must learn the nature of them. Timmy, you also draw on another source for power. Similar to brian’s perfect mode.


Timmy: Really? It came so naturally I assumed it was my power to begin with.


Elmer: That's because I awoke it in you. But in all reality you are just better at drawing on this power than Brian is at the moment. 


Brian: So what does our lightning power come from.


Elmer: I'll show you. 


Narrator: They walk to another shrine covered in lightning bolts and storm clouds. We now pan to Cambry who is walking into PigAcne. 


Gandalf: Hello Cambry. Elmer told me you were coming. Welcome back. 


Cambry: Hi Gandalf. I was hoping you could teach me some useful spells and stuff for wacky situations. 

Gandalf: Sure I will place you under my care. You will have only one other classmate. He is the top student at our school at the moment.


Narrator:Cambry hears footsteps and out of a corridor walks PE.

Cambry: PE?


PE: Cambry? Well isn't this a pleasant surprise. I'm here trying to learn cooking spells. What about you?


Cambry: I'm here to get swole.


Gandalf: Follow me to potions class. 


Narrator: We now pan to Larry. He wakes up wrapped in bandages and blankets in a yurt. The man from before is cooking on an open flame.


Ernesto: Eat this.

Larry: Ernesto?


Narrator: Erneso feeds Larry a soothing soup.


Ernesto: i sensed your presence on the mountain when you landed. Sorry it took me so long to come get you.


Larry: I thought you were just a forgettable side character. Elmer sent me to train with you?


Ernesto: This is what you lack Larry. Insight. You have built this suit to protect you from the world. You cannot tap into your spirit and draw upon your life force. I shall teach you how to become one with your spirit.


Narrator: Ernesto and Larry trek up the mountain in nothing but sweatpants. They reach the summit. The air is still and warm enough for Larry to not be shivering. He is surprised. 


Ernesto: In order for one to tap into his spirit he must be at one with himself.


Larry: I'm pretty sure I am me.


Ernesto: Not like that. Announce to the world your greatest insecurities and fears. It shall reward you with insight.


Larry: Are you serious? What are you afraid of?


Ernesto: I fear the day when no one feels. A cold desolate plain with no liveliness. That's why my powers grant warmth and health to wherever I go. 


Larry: Oh. Well I'm afraid of spiders sometimes.


Narrator: He closes his eyes as if to brace for impact and nothing happens. 


Ernesto: You have to do better than that. 


Larry: I don't like tomatoes.


Ernesto: BE SERIOUS!


Larry: I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY!


Ernesto: DIG DEEP.


Larry: I'm afraid that I'll be left in the dust. That my friends will surpass me and I will be a burden and not a leader.


Ernesto: Very good. How do you feel?

Larry: Lighter. 


Ernesto: That's a start. 


Narrator: Larry goes through a series of trials. Breathing techniques. Meditation. And ancient martial arts. After a montage he walks to the peak of the mountain once again, this time without shivering at all. He meets Ernesto at the summit.


Ernesto: I can sense the shrines of the gods. You and your friends are at similar stages in your training. 


Larry: Great. Ok so what now?


Ernesto: We must find your life force.


Larry: What?


Ernesto: Everyone in life has a life force. This is the untapped power they may one day behold. For your friends it was the Tucker gene and lightning powers. 

Larry: oh. So how do I find mine?


Ernesto: I need you to pee in this cup. 


Larry: uh…

Narrator: A few days pass for the processing of the urine sample. 

Ernesto: I see, you are like me. A child of Prometheus. 

Larry: What?


Ernesto: When the world was cold and dark Prometheus stole fire from hell to keep the world safe. We share his attributes in that we would do anything to protect our friends and loved ones. 


Larry: OOooo. So I get my own flames.

Ernesto: yes. The color is dependent on you. Mine are green. To discover your flame place your hand above the kindling. Imagine yourself lighting it.


Narrator: Larry concentrates and feels a surge of energy flow through his veins. He shoots a blast out of the palms of his hands. A sparkling rainbow fire is lit. It spirals into the stratosphere right past Brian and Timmy who feel its warmth. Ernesto quickly extinguishes it.


Ernesto: My oh my. You have been blessed with the flame spectrum.


Larry: Flame spectrum?


Ernesto: Yeah, every color has a different attribute. You have access to all attributes to pick and choose from. 


Larry: Oh like issei….nevermind forget I said that. 


Ernesto: Here take this.


Narrator: Larry is handed a book that has a guide as to what the flames are and what they can do.


Ernesto: Study this. You will train with me until you have mastered all flames. 


Larry: I'm gonna miss the premiere of the Demon Slayer movie aren't I?


Narrator: We now pan back to Brian and Timmy. They enter the shrine shrouded in storm.


Elmer: Alright just sit here he will come judge you guys. I'll see you outside. 


Brian: What?


Timmy: Just do as he says.


Narrator: They sit down criss-cross applesauce in the open amphitheater. All of the sudden a flash of thunder crosses the skies followed by pure silence. From above the clouds emerges a dragon of pure lightning and thunder. Its eyes glow a yellowish shade and its fangs are large bolts of lightning. It descends onto the ground in front of the two. The size comparison is immeasurable. 


Brian: holy cow thats a dragon!


Timmy: Thats not a dragon, thats the real god of thunder. 


Narrator: The dragon growls as if to silence them. It centers itself in front of brian. They lock eyes. Brian’s eyes begin to passively glow with lightning. Suddenly a connection is made between the two. The dragon does a bow of sorts to Brian then tilts its head to the sky and let's loose a roar that sends the realm into shock. The dragon then turns to Timmy. 


Timmy: Oh god, literally.


Narrator: They lock eyes. Timmy’s eyes glow with lightning just as Brian’s did. Another connection is made. The dragon tilts its head at the sky just as it did before but this time it hesitated. It returned its head to Timmy’s eyeline. A hint of silver lingers in his irises. The dragon snarls at Timmy before bowing its head and then letting out the same roar into the sky. It flies off into the clouds and out of sight. Brian and Timmy walk out of the Shrine.


Elmer: So how did it go? The God of Thunder doesn't exactly have a way with words.


Brian: I understood him completely.


Timmy: Me too.


Elmer: Oh so you guys brain linked with him then.


Brian: He told me that I was worthy of the power he possesses and that he would continue to allow me to use it. 


Timmy: Yeah...me too. 


Elmer: Great then we can finally get to work. 


Narrator: Elmer takes them to a training area.


Elmer: I have created two training regiments for the both of you. Brian, your power is centered around lightning manipulation. The form you took on the HitBeam was the perfect form of lightning manipulation. I want you to practice creating objects out of lightning and manipulating them. Make a cup that you can drink out of or learn how to harness lightning in a single body part. 


Brian: Alright I guess. 


Timmy: What about me Elmer?


Elmer: Timmy you primarily rely on the shank for battle. I am sending you to a japanese dojo to learn knife throwing and such. Try to get a better grasp on turning off and on the lightning as well.


Timmy: Sounds good. So how long are supposed to be training for?


Elmer: Return to me in 3 months. 


Both: THREE MONTHS?!


Elmer: You shall strive for nothing short of perfection.


Both: yes sir.


Narrator: They head off to their individual trainings. We now pan back to PigAcne in a complete wreck. The left wing is burning and the common area is in ashes. 


Gandalf: Cambry how did you even do this? I taught you how to make your own soap!


Cambry: I'm close Gandalf I'm so close.


Gandalf: All you were supposed to do was read these offense and defense books and thats it! You burned down the fireplace. HOW DOES SOMEONE DO THAT!


Cambry: With a dash of horse pepper...a hint of my right bumper.


Gandalf: ARE YOU EVEN LISTENING TO ME?


Cambry: THERE I GOT IT? RESTORUM REVERTIUM!


Narrator: The school begins to rebuild itself. Gandalf stands in complete awe.


Gandalf: I...I....um... Well Done Cambry. I will be bumping you up to the advanced class of your choice. 


Cambry: I will take French please.


Gandalf: Oh Dear God.


Narrator: Cambry and Gandalf exit the room. We see PE creep down the stairs using a shadow spell and pick up the books Cambry was supposed to read. Cambry makes it to his newest class with Gandalf one on one.


Gandalf: So what is it you hope to gain from my school? Conventional magic is not befitting of a car. Are you interested in levitation?


Cambry: I can fly.


Gandalf: Aquatic breathing?


Cambry: I can turn into a submarine.


Gandalf: How about a spell to transform you into a human.


Narrator: Cambry sighs and turns into Cambrius Prime. Suddenly Gandalf gets an idea. 


Gandalf: Thats just it Cambry! Your entire existence is centered around transformation!


Cambry: I guess.


Gandalf: I will teach you transformation magic and how to maximize its potential. 


Cambry: CAN I TURN INTO VOLTRON?!


Gandalf: I mean I DON'T SEE WHY NOT!


Narrator: We pan to Larry in his bathroom. It has been several months since he received the book.  He stands above the sink and peers into the mirror. He begins to shave with a blade of Blue Fire. Larry then makes the trek to the summit shirtless to symbolize his improvement. Ernesto is already there.


Ernesto: You have made quite the improvement my pupil. Show me your improvement. Let me see your base form.


Larry: With pleasure.

Narrator: Larry’s fists glow bright with purple flames. His eyes flame the same color. 


Ernesto: Fabulous. Hit that.


Narrator: Ernesto points at a very far away mountain. Larry charges his fire and spits it out in a single beam of fire. It travels all the way to the mountain and splits it into pieces. 


Ernesto: Now save the town.


Larry: What?


Narrator: Ernesto points out a village beneath the mountain. Larry jumps into action. His purple flames are replaced with yellow ones. He flies off towards the village at incredible speeds. The rubble creates an avalanche that is racing towards the town. Larry lands at the base of the village closest to the avalanche. Larry’s flames turn blue. He slams his fists into the ground creating a wall of blue fire to protect the town. The rubble burns on impact with the wall creating a cloud of ash over the town. Larry had saved it. The townspeople thank the mysterious figure as he flies back to Everest with the yellow fire.


Ernesto: Impressive. Yellow for speed and Blue for utility. Now...


Narrator: Ernesto suddenly starts fighting Larry. They fight using martial arts. Ernesto knocks Larry on his back.


Ernesto: How do you plan to protect your friends if you cannot even beat me? You are still nothing but a hindrance to your allies. 


Larry: SHUT YOUR MOUTH!!!

Narrator: Larry’s flames now glow bright red. Larry boosts onto his feet and prepares to end Ernesto’s life. He begins clapping as Larry calms down. The flames of both dissipate. 


Ernesto: Well done Larry. You did it.


Larry: Did what?

Ernesto: The seven flames. Yellow for speed, Blue for utility, Green to heal, red to rage, and your base form of purple.


Larry: But I didn't use green. 


Ernesto: Look at your arm dude.


Narrator: Larry looks down to see that his cuts and bruises are being cleansed passively by the green fire. 


Larry: Woah.also, that wasn’t 7 flames that was 5


Ernesto: I’m a crazy flaming mountain man. I don’t understand numbers. 


Larry: haha


Ernesto: im joking. There are 2 flames you just haven’t learned about. Well, its sorta 2 flames but also sorta one flame. I’ll show you later, but master these flames you already possess


Larry: Thank you Ernesto I owe you a lot.


Ernesto: My pleasure Larry. You will always have a place in my home as a child of Prometheus. The rest of your training is all on you. Remember that the flames separate are strong but the flames together are stronger.

Larry: You sound like that planet of the apes movie.


Ernesto: Head to the shrines. Elmer is there with Brian and Timmy.


Narrator: They bow at each other and Larry flies up to the shrines in his suit and not using the flames. He lands in front of Elmer's shrine and walks in. He sees Timmy and Brian sparring. Brian is dodging Timmy’s pinpoint accurate disposable shanks. Brian then charges at Timmy using lightning to boost his speed. The Shank of Timmy and lightning sword of Brian connect right before they notice Larry is there. They cease immediately.


Both: LARRY!


Larry: Guys!


Narrator: The friends reunite after the months they have spent apart. They all brag about their rough training regiments. 


Brian: I had to go to literal shock therapy. 

Timmy: Ninjas are mean they only let you eat rice!


Larry: I had to climb up a mountain in nothing but my sweatpants every day!


Elmer: You all have had rigorous training. There is no need to compare. The only thing that is certain is that your mentors have little left to teach you. 


Brian: Thank you Elmer. I feel as though my potential is almost maximized.


Timmy: Yeah Elmer this was life changing. 


Elmer: Thank you both I did my best. Before you leave, Timmy may I speak to you?


Narrator: Timmy and Elmer enter another room.

Timmy: Whats up Elmer?


Elmer: You know what it is.

Timmy: What?


Elmer: It is a part of you Timmy you cannot deny it.

Timmy:(grows stern) I know Elmer. But it is too risky I don't think I could bring it back without hurting people. The last time I almost leveled the universe.


Elmer: The silver will return to you when you need it. For now rely on the Thunder God.


Timmy: Weird. That is exactly what he said to me.


Elmer: There is one more thing I want to tell you. Do you know why your bloodline is the only one able to access this power?


Timmy: Why?


Elmer: It is the God in you.


Timmy: The god in me?


Elmer: Timmy, you and your son are the last descendants of the actual Gods of Cod.


Timmy: WHAT?!


Elmer: Your dad was just a carrier of the gene. You and Tommy carry the power of the Gods of Cod.


Timmy: Wow. 


Elmer: What does this mean to you?


Timmy: It just makes me more worried about using the power. For now I just want to be me, not the heir to the Gods. 


Elmer: I understand. I wish you luck on your journey Timmy.


Narrator: The losers say farewell to Elmer and head to PigAcne to pick up Cambry. Gandalf takes Cambry to the gate.

Gandalf: You were a wonderful student at times Cambry. Wanna show them what you learned?


Cambry: Yes professor.


Narrator: Cambry tells the guys to look. He uses all of his power. Cambry turns into a trash can.


Larry: we were gone for the better part of a year. And you learned how to turn into a trashcan?


Cambry: Thats not all!


Narrator: Cambry then morphs into a robotic T-Rex.


Brian: Holy Hell Cambry that's awesome!


Cambry: Yeah and Larry you can upgrade my parts to make this super cool.


Larry: Will do buddy let's head home for now though.


Cambry: yeah they only have british food here.


Narrator: They head home. Gandalf walks back into the school. He sees ash on the floor. He looks up to see PE floating above a burning spire. Easily fixable but still alarming. PE descends in front of Gandalf.


Gandalf: I should have known you would go rogue.


PE: Nothing personal professor, just business.


Narrator: PE fires a blast at Gandalf. We pan away to the losers finally returning to their home. They all crash on the couch with a huge sigh of relief.


Cambry: Great well we all got swole now what?


Larry: You guys ever think about what would have happened if we lost in endgame?


Timmy: Go to sleep Larry.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 82: Dark Dimension