
Narrator: it’s been a couple flaming lard spheres since our last adventure. Larry asked a good question in the last adventure as to what might the world be like if they lost. Here is how the events would have transpired. I like to call this the dark dimension. Also, for all you youngins in the audience, you may want to close your eyes for some bits.


Google: i'll do it, it's like, i was made for this


Timmy: yeah if i was right handed i would totally do it, you know, because im the strongest person and all heh heh


Google: ok, anyways, is this gonna hurt


Larry: ok, so im thinking 1 of 2 responses right now. You see, i could say, thats its going to be a breeze, so you dont panic


Google: ok…


Larry: or i could tell you that its probably going to be the most painful experience of your life and to 99% of life in the universe fatal, just so you, you know, aren’t surprised


Google: ok im starting to reconsider....


Larry: I mean. Does anyone else think they can do it?


Timmy: Google, I think you’re the only one that can handle it. I believe you can survive.


Brian: He’s worried though. I’m worried as well. What if he can’t survive.


Larry: I agree with Timmy, and even on the off chance that he doesn’t survive, think of all the lives he will save.


Google: EVERYONE SHUT UP! Ok, I’ll do it.


Narrator: Larry activates a force field around the room they’re in, and everyone proceeds to suit up in one way or another. Larry takes a look at Google and activates his robot arms to slowly maneuver the stones into the gauntlet. Google closes his eyes for a couple of seconds to be sent with a shockwave of pain.


Google: OUCHIE OUCHIE OWWIWIEIEIEI oWWWW


Narrator: suddenly, the ground shakes at approximately 5.7 on the richter scale


Larry: actually, my suit says its a 5.4


Narrator: shut up. Anyways, a literal entire ship emerges from Larry's time travel junk. Dust fills the sky and a crater is formed. 


Timmy: how the….


Hitman p: don't leave your go pro detailing future events on the floor next time. 


Timmy: darn it


Narrator: also inside that ship is a slightly younger, slightly less fat, slightly older, slightly more buff, slightly less cultured PE (everyone gasps)


PE: I see why you guys wanted those stones so badly. Just to reverse all the efforts i went through. Sad, especially considering i was doing a favor for you guys


Timmy: FAVOR?


PE: with less idiots on this planet, the less traffic there is, which is really annoying, isn’t it?


Timmy: a minor inconvenience, but killing half the universe seems a bit overkill doesn’t it


PE: yeah, i guess in the end i also wanted an easier job, i mean look at me, im lazy. I just give a ticket to everyone or don’t care


Timmy: yeah u suk


PE: shut up I'LL KILL THE EARTH


Brian: ok, larry, timmy and I will take down PE. the rest of you, get his minions. Prepare for the fight of your lives


Google: Guys I didn't get to snap the quakes offset me what do I do with the gauntlet?


Larry: Can you do it again?


Google: Larry my right arm is in shambles there is no chance I can...


Narrator: suddenly, hitman p rams his sub spaceship into google and cashier deep underground


Cashier: get up. Get up man! GET UP!


Google: huh, am i dead


Cashier: don’t be dramatic, before he crashed into us i created a forcefield around us


Google: ok, wheres hitman. AHH WHERES MY ARM


Narrator: google examines his arm and sees it has come clean off, including the gauntlet.


Cashier: i think a better question is, wheres the GAUNTLET!?!?!


Google: Get him!


Narrator: After chasing for a while, hitman turns around and shoots a laser, which Cashier deflects, into the gauntlet in hitmans hands. It falls to the ground


Hitman: dont MOVE!


Narrator: both stand completely still. Hitman shoots google in the knee


Google: whyd you shoot man!


Hitman p: shut up, and if you move as well, ill kill you right here


Cashier: jesus you used to be a psychopath, what happened man


Hitman p: what do you mean?


Cashier: man you used to be a genuine villain. You should see what you’re like now, you’ve gone soft


Hitman p: i’ve gone soft huh? Ok, so whats gonna stop me from shooting you right here


Hitman: me (points gun at hitman)


Hitman p: what are you doing you idiot?


Hitman: dont hurt these guys


Hitman p: all they’ve done is hurt you though!


Hitman: look, that may be true, sometimes, like especially when i was just hanging out with my family and all, but…


Hitman p: but what?


Hitman: im just saying, maybe killing isn’t the answer here


Narrator: hitman p laughs to himself


Hitman p: oh cashier, you were right. My future self has gone soft. But i will make sure i won’t end up that way


Narrator: Due to Cashier having to protect google, Hitman P shoots Hitman without repercussion, and by the time cashier tries to stop Hitman it's too late. Cashier runs at Hitman P who grabs him by the neck and fires a full round into his stomach.


Google: CASHIER!!!


Hitman: NOO. Don’t move


Hitman P: (smiling) I won’t. You can trust me. 


Narrator: They stand off. All of a sudden, Hitman P grabs the gauntlet, quickly puts it on, then punches Hitman with the force of 1000 Earths, then quickly takes the gauntlet back off so as to not get overwhelmed. In a room now full of corpses and a task complete, Hitman P wipes his mouth dripping blood then slowly walks out with gauntlet in hand.


Google: You coward…


Hitman P: (stops and turns around) What was that?


Google: You won't win. You might as well shoot me.


Hitman P: As you wish.


Narrator: Google is shot straight in the jaw as Hitman P leaves the room. We cut back to our Larry and Timmy, and they’ve been watching PE for the past hour.


Brian: what's the report


Timmy: he's just been sitting there


PE: you know, i've known you guys for a long time and the biggest trait you guys share, besides annoyance, randomness, awfulness, awkwardness, etc is persistence


Timmy: uh, thanks i guess


PE: you guys are so persistent. Too persistent for your own good. You guys had it right, but you couldn’t accept your small losses, in exchange for the rise of good traffic obedience once again


Brian: you killed our friends! How is that any better than a little bit of less traffic


PE: jeez. I didn’t know you guys were so reliant on your dumb car. You know what, that thing is the true bane of my existence. I mean, you guys are annoying, but if you think about it, hes the one whos committing most of the traffic crimes. You guys should’ve found a new car, gotten over it, its just a car


Narrator: Timmy’s eyes fill with lightning and rage. 


Larry: what about the others, announcer boat, chill, you gonna try to justify those too


PE: (gets up) no, i won’t. Too late for that. I’ve made up my mind. Instead of trying to help the pedestrians of this planet, i’ve decided that they’re too ungrateful for my good acts. Instead, im going to do what i was born to do, to pull over every single atom left on this planet until it is nothing.


Brian: then bring it on


PE: they don’t call me an enforcer for nothing


Narrator: PE pulls out a giant traffic sign sword. The 3 run towards him and start powuring. Larry shoots lasers at PE, who deflects them back to Larrys suit, which harnesses the energy giving him 5000% power


Timmy: Larry! Shoot me


Larry: got it


Narrator: Larry shoots all the power in Timmys direction who harnesses the power in combination with lightning at PE


Brian: hey larry, do the same thing again, but to me!


Larry: ok


Narrator: Larry shoots energy straight for Brians shield, but PE grabs the shield, and Brian gets lasered. PE runs towards Larry with the shield, bouncing the power into Larry. He gets sent back 50 million light years away


Timmy: overkill much?


Narrator: PE makes eye contact with timmy


Timmy: shoot


Narrator: PE and timmy have a straight up sword battle, too which Timmy starts off winning. He double lightning zaps PE, stunning him, but PE then grabs one of his arm and throws his shanks far away. Then timmy starts suking. 


Timmy: help!!


Narrator: Timmy tries getting shankbreaker back, but PE intercepts it and starts slicing him


Timmy: I REALLY NEED HELP!


Narrator: PE is 2 centimeters away from slicing off his abs. Suddenly, from 300 yards away, Timmy's original shank starts zapping and slowly rising. A whoosh is then heard from the flying shank which strikes PE, but instead of returning to Timmy, flies to Brian.


Timmy: I knew it!


Narrator: PE punches timmy then faces Brian. At full ginger speed, he runs towards PE shanking him across the face. He throws his shield and throws the shank against it kapowing the guy in da face. He throws both sword and shank for double slice. He raises lightning from the gods of cod and electrozaps him really hard. PE gains his footing back and proceeds to body slam Brian. He then swings his traffic sword towards brian which brian blocks. Surprisingly, PE continues to swing and breaks the shield into fragments. Half remains on Brians wrist. PE then stabs Brian with a piece of shield, sending him to the ground. 

PE: There is no point resisting. 


Narrator: Brian looks at Timmy writhing in pain and Larry flying home. He then sees PE’s entire military force behind PE. Brian rises to his feet, tightens his shield, and begins to walk forward. 


PE: I applaud your efforts captain but I am afraid they are all for naught.


Narrator: Hitman P appears out of a divot in the ground. He hand delivers the gauntlet to PE. He examines it for a short bit, then puts it on and starts embracing the pain. He starts to form a fist, as a lightning bolt strikes him and Timmy dashes towards him with both shank and shankbreaker, lobbing them both. PE points his gauntlet towards both weapons and sends them flying back. Brian runs towards PE summoning the shank and tries to slash PE, who punches him directly in the skull.


Larry: (flying from the atmosphere) BRIAN!


Narrator: Larry charges up a giant energy beam, shoots it at PE, who shifts space, sending the beam back towards Larry. Instead of overcharging, Larry's suit short circuits and he slowly falls from 200ft in the sky. Brian runs as fast as he can to try to catch him. Larry strikes the Earth. Brian was off by about 10 feet. Larry rests in the ground, silently.


Brian: LARRY! 


Narrator: Brian summons the shank as lightning charges him. Timmy does the same with shankbreaker. They combine their powers but Timmy grabs Brian’s shank for himself.


Timmy: Don't worry I got this. 


Narrator: Timmy uses his peak performance with both weapons and flies at PE. PE is knocked back while blocking the blow. Hitman P is signaled to jump into action. He fires a volley of shots at Timmy and one of them lands in his left arm rendering it useless. He drops the shank and now only holds the axe. Brian grabs the shank and they both charge at PE at the same time. 


PE: Brian is cast aside.


Narrator: PE uses the narrator stone to remove brian from the equation. Timmy falls with full force onto PE. The axe lands perfectly into his right shoulder. Brian feels relief. But then something changes. The PE that has been impaled dissolves into butterflies. The real PE stands behind Timmy and grabs Timmy by the head. He holds him three feet off the ground in his grasp.


PE: You fought well Tucker boy.


Narrator: PE throws Timmy into the air and cuts his head off as he falls to the ground. Brian enters a state of shock. PE holds Larry’s body and Timmy’s head in both of his hands.

PE: THESE ARE YOUR SO CALLED FRIENDS?! Pathetic. Well that leaves you. 

Brian: You murderer. I will end you!


Narrator: Brian stands up and is prepared to run at PE but falls flat. His body has been severely wounded to the point he can barely move anymore. PE slowly walks towards him and kneels in front of him.


PE: You made one mistake Brian. You and your friends challenged ME. You had no chance to begin with. Alas, you must be punished. As I pull this planet apart piece by piece I will subject you to watch it as a prisoner. Only you will be subjected to this. All by yourself.


Brian: No, please. I beg you just let me die like my friends!


PE: no no no. I can't let you off that easy. 


Brian: YOU ARE A MONSTER.


PE: No (readys gauntlet) I. AM. CERTAIN. (snaps)


Narrator: Brian is enraged. He tries to muster up all his strength, but he can’t even move. PE laughs.


PE: my work here is done.


Narrator: PE and all of his henchmen are all transported off Earth via portal.


Brian: NOO. NOOOOOO!


Narrator: Brian lays in agony bound by chains while everything around him crumbles. Brian sits in his crippled state for the rest of his broken life.


Brian: (talking to himself)Sometimes I wonder, what if we won...what if we won. Without the others… How could I… How could we… stop them


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 83: SUV MIA