

Narrator: It has been 12 brake changes since their last adventure. The losers are at home when Larry heads over to his Cabin for his “Relaxin Larry Getaway Day.” I know an awful name but he came up with it not me. Larry opens the front door and notices it is open. He activates his suit as he cautiously walks through broken glass and wrecked furniture. He sees Hitman holding a USB after just taking it out of his work computer. 

Larry: Back to old habits hitman?


Hitman: Sorry Larry but duty calls. 


Narrator: Larry fires blasts at Hitman who dodges them swiftly they share blows with each other using martial arts before Hitman successfully makes it away from Larry into his ship. 


Hitman: Tell Cambry he is next.


Narrator: Hitman flies off as Larry zooms back to the house. He wakes everyone up.


Brian: What?


Larry: Hitman robbed my workshop. He took something I'm not sure what. He said Cambry was his next target. Can someone go wake him up please?

Timmy: He’s not here. 


Larry: WHAT?


Brian: he went to his morning zumba class. You know this Larry! He takes it VERY SERIOUSLY!


Larry: Of course how could I forget. Well then let's head to the Cashier we might catch him during his morning smoothie. 


Narrator: They rush to the 7/11 and Cashier is there to greet them.


Cashier: Ah my favorite customers. How would you like to inconvenience me today?


Larry: Has Cambry been in yet?


Cashier: Sadly no. It has been rather quiet except for Hitman coming in also looking for Cambry mere seconds before you showed up.


Brian: Well that is a wacky coincidence. 


Timmy: does he ever do something before coming here?


Cashier: Actually he told me today he was gonna head to the Jack and the Box for his paycheck.


Brian: He still works at Jack in the Box?


Cashier: No but he goes there to get his paycheck.


Timmy: Classic Cambry.


Hitman: Jack in the Box. Thanks Cashier.


Larry: What the hell why are you here?


Hitman: I walked out as you walked in. We passed by each other are you guys blind?


Brian: Color maybe.


Hitman: Whatever? Hultron initiate getaway. 


Hultron: Yes sir.


Larry: Wait, hultron? You stole the Vultron matrix from my cabin.


Hultron: You were right they are slow. 


Brian: Why are you doing this?


Hitman: Self Interest mostly. Also it'll be worth it when I find Cambry. Bye now. 


Narrator: Hitman uses Hultron to fill the 7/11 with noxious gas. They all immediately leave and chase after him.


Hitman: How?


Larry: We live with Cambry. How do you think noxious gas is gonna hurt us? 


Hitman: Well how about this!


Narrator: Hitman’s ship hovers above them. It fires tranq darts rapidly at them. Larry activates his blue utility fire to shield his friends from the darts, getting hit in the process. They cease the chase to help Larry. 


Larry: god these aren't even tranq darts they are filled with strawberry jam. That monster!


Narrator: They see Cashier running after them.


Cashier: Oh guys don't worry Cambry is safe. 


Brian: What do you mean? Hitman is gonna get to Jack in the Box first. 


Cashier: Cambry isn't at the Jack in the Box! I lied to throw him off the scent after I noticed he was listening in. 


Timmy: But how did you know that he was listening?


Cashier: I work in a 7/11 have you seen the security systems I have?


Larry: So where is he?


Cashier: I don't know. But I know he isn't there. Alright I gotta go fumigate again. If you can wait till next month before the next time you destroy my store that would be great. See ya.


Timmy: he is very passive aggressive.


Larry: Well now what? We have no way of finding Cambry.


Brian: Don't lose hope yet Larry, theres one spiritual weirdo we can still rely on.


Narrator: Brian and them walk a few blocks to a strip mall. In the center they find a fortune shop. 

Clichenie: Hello my friends. BJ says hi you just missed him.


Timmy: What?


Clichenie: Nevermind that come in. 

Narrator: They enter the tacky tourist trap and sit around a crystal ball with a mimic cliche stone at the center.


Larry: Hey Clichenie we were hoping you could help us locate Cambry. He’s been MIA all day and he is in danger.


Clichenie: Sure but you have to let me read your fortune first. 


Brian: Again? This feels like deja Vu. 


Timmy: Whatever your fortune is deal with it. Ok Clichenie say the thing.


Clichenie: Its been a minute one second. *ahem* I AM THE GREAT CLICHENIE. ASK AWAY YOUNG SOULS, TO FIND YOUR DESTINY.


All: What does our future hold?


Narrator: Clichenie throws a cloud of dust at the ball in the center. He is presented with a vision of the future. He watches in horror. He quickly cuts the illusion. 


Larry: What did you see Clichenie?


Clichenie: I’m not allowed to tell you because then the future will change. I will say this. Hold that which is close to you near, for one day it may disappear. Also eat less fatty foods. Cambry gets this weird fat flap on his bumper and it looks weird. 


Brian: Ok? Now can you tell us where Cambry is?


Clichenie: Oh yeah sure. 


Narrator: Clichenie pulls out his phone and calls Cambry. They speak for a little. Clichenie hangs up. 


Clichenie: He’s at home. He never left this morning.


Larry: What?!


Brian: Alright let's head back then. 


Clichenie: I would hurry, he said he needed help. 


Narrator: They rush home and enter Cambry’s Man Cave. 


Cambry: Hey guys


Larry: Cambry where are you?


Cambry: I'm right here. Oh wait.

Narrator: Cambry reveals himself to be a lamp on his side table. He morphs back into his car form.


Cambry: I've been practicing my morphing all day. I must have fallen asleep in lamp form my bad. 


Brian: Dude Hitman has been trying to kidnap you all day. 


Cambry: Oh Hitman didn't mention that. 


Timmy: Did you talk to him?


Cambry: Yeah he’s in the kitchen making some food.

Narrator: The rush to the kitchen and see Hitman blending a smoothie. 


Hitman: Jack in the Box was closed.


Larry: Why do you want Cambry so badly?


Hitman: Let's just say he is part of a bigger picture. Look we can do this the easy way or the hard way. You can give me what I want, or you can die trying to stop me. 


Brian: Damn that's kinda dark.


Narrator: They act all at once. Hitman throws two devices that attach to Timmy and Brian.


Hitman: Lightning rod!


Narrator: Brian and Timmy’s electricity gets succeed into the devices. They are rendered useless as Larry lunges at him in his suit. Hitman dodges the blow and Larry falls face first into a cheese plate, rendering the suit useless. Larry stands and turns around facing Hitman. His suit melts off revealing himself using yellow flames. He boosts into Hitman firing off a volley of kicks. Hitman receives a burn to the eye. Hitman uses a flashbang device and proceeds to knock Larry out while he is dazed. They all wake up shortly thereafter.


Larry: What the hell happened?


Brian: CAMBRY!


Narrator: They rush upstairs to see that Cambry is just fine but is missing his front bumper. 


Cambry: oh hey guys one sec.


Narrator: Cambry begins to regrow said bumper. 


Timmy: Thats all he took?


Cambry: Yeah, he brought me a smoothie. Begged me for my bumper, and left.


Larry: I guess thats the end of that then.


Cambry: I missed my zumba class today.


Brian: How about we go watch cop tv shows?


Cambry: YAY.


Narrator: They go downstairs to watch TV. Meanwhile an injured Hitman is seen tending to his eye burn at some secret base location. 


Hitman: Hultron, remind me to add flame retardant to my shopping list. 


Hultron: Yes sir. I am confused, there is another of me?


Hitman: I suppose yes. His name is Vultron. You are both identical in knowledge but different in demeanor. 


Hultron: Understood. May I say sir the scar is rather charming.

Hitman: I agree. Is the subject ready?


Hultron: Yes sir. He is exiting cryo as we speak. 


Narrator: Hitman walks into the next room to see Aquaman emerge from his Cryo chamber. He stumbles as he walks out. 

Aquaman: Where am I? What is happening?


Narrator: Aquaman looks down at his damaged body, his skin is seared and most of his bones are crumbling by the second. 


Hitman: listen aquaman. You have two choices. Death, or my aid. You have seconds to decide.


Aquaman: Dude just let me die.


Hitman: Wrong answer. 


Narrator: Hitman puts Aquaman to sleep and stablizes his vitals for the time being.


Hitman: Hultron, have you cracked artifact 52 yet?


Hultron: yes sir. It is transumation matter. It can adapt to any situation it requires and rebuild itself. It completely contradicts the saying that matter cannot be created or destroyed.


Narrator: They walk into a separate room with Cambry’s bumper being examined. A piece is cut off and a new piece grows back on.


Hitman: Interesting. Alright let's get started. 


Narrator: We see Aquaman on a hospital bed.


Hitman: Log 46, experiment 514, codename the aquaman. Recent events have shown that the aquaman has the genetic code of the next evolution of man. He was able to withstand a force of 52 trillion giga volts and not disintegrate. If Brian was able to master said force he would have killed us all. Aquaman is my fail safe for if Brian ever exceeds his current maximum power. I will now upload the hultron matrix for basic advanced intellect into the body. 


Hultron: What happens to me?


Hitman: I need you Hultron. You are not going anywhere. He is just receiving a dlc of sorts in his brain. 


Narrator: Aquaman's eyes glow bright. 


Hitman: I will now inject the Aquaman with what I refer to as Cambrium. 


Narrator: Hitman injects him and he screams out in pain. Hitman refers to a live x-ray of Aquaman’s leg. The bone in his shin fuses back together. All of the bones in his body follow. 


Hitman: Success. The bones of the Aquaman have healed and strengthened. I believe it is hardening his skin as well. Oh wait.


Narrator: Aquaman’s right arm begins to rupture. 

Hitman: The arm is not accepting its new genes. I have no choice but to amputate. 


Narrator: After a few hours aquaman wakes up. He sees that he does not have a right arm and that the rest of his body is perfectly fine. He feels what seems like a helmet on his head. It runs down his entire spine. 


Hitman: Hello.


Aquaman: I told you to let me die.


Hitman: How could I do that? Do you not want revenge?


Aquaman: Yes. I want to end that spark plug. 


Hitman: Great. Now let's fix that arm up. You have a wedding to attend. 


Narrator; They see Hitmanmaid with tape over her mouth and handcuffed in a wedding dress. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 84: Wedding Crashers