

Narrator: It has been one zumba class since their last adventure. The losers are just now receiving the invitation to the wedding. Timmy is the one to show it


Timmy: You know, I’m surprised there wasn’t a bomb or something attached to it


Brian: (walks in the room) Hey guys what’s going on


Larry: nothing bro we just got invited to Aquaman and Hitmanmaids wedding


Narrator: A loud thunderclap is heard from above and lightning strikes him


Brian: Huh?


Larry: That’s the spirit. I take it you want to come along so we can put an end to this?


Brian: Let’s fry this flounder.


Cambry: lets roll! Wait where are we going.


Timmy: Well if you would let me read it. Jeez you all saw the title and went crazy. “Dear All, You are cordially invited to the wedding of Aquaman and Hitman. We are accepting gifts such as fish or money fish. Please be at the following coordinates when the moon sets. Thank you.”


Brian: how rude of us, we almost forgot to bring a gift.


Cambry: let's roll, to the supermarket!


Narrator: after a short shopping trip, they start rolling into outer space


Timmy: Wait are we going to space


Cambry: Yeah i plugged in the coordinates and this place is far. Like 7/11 levels of far. We got a good couple hours to burn.


TImmy: Oh crap i just realized we don’t even have any nice clothes.


Brian: who cares, aren't we going to crash the wedding?


Larry: Yeah but we would look awesome if we did it with tuxedos on


Brian: true.


Cambry: pit stop, again!


Larry: ok, i'm thinking either black or red suits


Brian: Bro these white suits would look dope


Timmy: But they will stain with blood and food and drinks and stuff


Brian: which will make it cool


Timmy: Gotcha, I’m in.


Cambry: They even got one in my size! WOOHOO!


Narrator: They roll out of the suit place several hundred dollars in debt and now even more ready to kick some bass.


Larry: ok, anything else we forgetting? (they think)


Brian: crap, can we stop at a 7/11


Timmy: why?


Brian: secret 


Narrator: they warp to the nearest 7/11. A couple minutes later Brian walks out with a bucket of red vines and a bag of onions.


Brian: its polite to bring food and drink


Larry: which ones the drink?


Brian: either way


Timmy: Ok ok, now are there any more stops? (they think)


Cambry: If not then lets roll faster. Wait actually that may not be necessary. Huh, it says we’re about 100ft away from our destination


Timmy: CAMBRY WATCH OUT FOR THE OCEAN


Narrator: they nosedive straight into the ocean.
Larry: woah the waters clear here. Huh. 


Brian: Where are we?


Cambry: according to these MAPS, we are in the Marsiana trench


Timmy: is that the mariana trench but on mars


Larry: Are we using electronic or old because I didn't think there were oceans on mars?


Brian: Well this is sort of an ocean but weirder. Look guys.


Narrator: Brian steps into the water and immediately descends 50 feet underwater


Larry: what the hell!


Narrator: Brian swims back up at full ginger speed unfazed.


Brian: we can breathe in this water for some reason.


Cambry: let me give her a taste.


Narrator: Cambry chugs several gallons of Mars water.


Cambry: huh. Tastes like wiper fluid.


Announcerboat: (distant) the ceremony begins in 15 minutes bada ba!


Brian: guys you hear that?


Larry: Hey look, there's the chapel. Wait on second thought

Timmy: thats a bizarre looking building
Larry: oh its an anti mosque


Brian: figures. Aquaman stands for everything I hate


Timmy: what if it was Hitmanmaids idea to go here?

Brian: YOU SHUT YOUR DIRTY MOUTH (lightly slaps Timmy). There is no way she would agree to this.


TImmy: I know im messing with you, keep up that rage though


Brian: you got it timbo.


Narrator: lightning strikes him and he quickly zaps over to the building


Cambry: well let's continue after him


Narrator: they make it into the anti mosque. They see a bunch of people in the audience, most of which whom they don't recognize. Lots of fish people there. Mr sister is there for some odd reason.


MS: I always cry at these thingsth


Timmy: Brian, what's the haps on the scraps?

Brian: i haven't seen anything happen yet. Haven’t seen Hitmanmaid or. Him...


Cambry: darn we were the only ones to bring food. 


Narrator: cambry starts digging into the onions. Timmy tosses a seafood platter into the pile of gifts.


Announcerboat: Everyone please take your seats the Groom is arriving. 


Narrator: A seemingly normal uncharted Aquaman emerges from a Hallway. He stands next to his best men, all fish. Brian starts breathing heavily and lightning starts to come from his mouth. He covers his mouth and Cambry shoots 7 sets of seatbelts at Brian to restrain him.


Cambry: easy, big guy (Brian squirming in the seatbelts)


Larry: I thought he was burnt to a crisp. How?


AB: Now if you would all stand?


Narrator: Everyone stands and turns around. They see HitmanMaid walk down the aisle. She has her handcuffs hidden by gloves and the gag hidden by her veil. Brian starts screaming and wobbling around but his sounds are muffled by the seatbelts. After 10 seconds of attempting to try to get Hitmainmaid to notice him he gives up and starts crying.


AB: Dearly beloved. We are gatha gathered here today to celebrate the wedding between these two “people.” If there are any objections before we proceed, speak now or forever hold your peace bada bada. 


Narrator: lightning strikes Brian destroying the seatbelt. He slowly stands up without saying a word


Aquaman: WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?


Larry: (the rest of the losers stand up) you sent us invites bro


Aquaman: I know, I was trying to sound cinematic. I invited you guys here for a reason. I wanted you to savor this wedding


Timmy: you thought we were just gonna sit here and watch the show?


Aquaman: Of course not, but I will do everything in my power to get you to watch. Best men, assemble!


Narrator: Suddenly, Cambry crashes in from the bathroom and hits every single one of his best fish men, instantly killing all of them and splattering fish guts all over the anti-mosque.


Aquaman: MY BOYS. MY BOYS.


Narrator: He rips off his sleeves, revealing a new and improved cybernetic arm. 


Aquaman: You’re dead Annoying Orange


Brian: THAT DIDN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE!


Narrator: Brian electrozaps Aquaman with a force of not nearly as many giga volts as last time, but a respectable amount nonetheless. It hits him but nothing happens.


Aquaman: electricity won’t work anymore little boy.


Narrator: Aquaman sends a punch with 5000% power using Brians electricity to send Brian into the wall. Larry suits up and starts flying around to analyze him. Timmy starts meditating. Cambry just rolls towards Aquaman at full speed


Aquaman: (in his computer mind) Turn off.


Narrator: Cambry immediately stops and makes a car locking sound.


Cambry: Someone go get my keys. 


Narrator: Timmy tries to swing at him with the shank but is hit with another emp style blast that renders him useless. 


Brian: No way we can lose to a fake reboot of a fish guy
Aquaman: say that again? (throws his trident)


Narrator: Brian catches it and starts spinning it around, and charging up a current. He strikes the ground with it, sending a shockwave towards Aquaman, who again, absorbs the energy and sends it right back to him. A fatigued Brian throws the trident, which Aquaman easily catches.


Aquaman: Don’t you understand. Your powers are useless now. Unless you can charge up as much power as last time, you’re as good as dead when facing me.


Brian: That isn’t true. I could beat you without lightning crab cake!


Larry: Heads up Brian!


Narrator: Larry charges in with his adaptive sword which is meant to drain Aquamans power. He strikes Aquaman, who turns around, grabs the sword, and then snaps it. He grabs Larry, holds in up and headbutts him. Brian sends lightning towards the 2, which sends them both back


Brian: im an idiot. Im so sorry Larry


Narrator: There is no response. Aquaman gets up slowly and starts walking towards Hitmanmaid.


Aquaman: I can’t wait to see you face when I do what I’m about to do next


Brian: I could come up with fish insults all day buddy. Crap my bones are falling off.


Narrator: Larry starts to wake up but his vision is blurry. He sees Aquaman walking towards Hitmanmaid though. Aquaman then lobs his trident at Brian which pins him against the wall, rendering him useless.

Larry: BRIAN!!!
Narrator: Aquaman then grabs Hitmanmaid and kisses her. Brian yells but is unable to do anything. Larry doesn’t have a reaction. Suddenly a black aura fills the room, surrounding Larry


Larry: (calmly) There was no reason to do that in front of my friend


Aquaman: And??? What are you going to do about it.


Narrator: The black flames around Larry start spreading over in Aquaman's direction. He tries stepping on the flames but nothing happens. They slowly slither up his body and he frantically swats them but he is unable to get rid of them. They suddenly disappear into his body, burning him slightly, and the black around him subsides. A yin marking is now on his left arm.


Aquaman: This is your ability? You put a little temporary tattoo on other people? I mean it slightly burned but...


Larry: silence


Narrator: The room goes black for Aquaman. He is falling into a black void and screaming on the way. He suddenly impacts the ground and fractures several bones. There is no light in sight still.


Aquaman: Where the hell am I?


Hades: You could say that. That is, because, you are in hell, as a matter of fact.


Aquaman: Who are you, show yourself coward!


Narrator: Hades walks out, towering over Aquaman


Hades: Fall. 


Narrator: Aquaman bends over and his kneecaps snap
Hades: You will spend the rest of eternity in the underworld, facing nothing but pain and misery. You will feel weak and feeble, but I won’t allow you to escape. You will forge my kingdom for me, and there is nothing you can do to resist against me. Your life exists solely to serve me and nothing else. There is nothing else of value in your meaningless life.


Narrator: Hades casts Aquaman into the underworld. We now return back to the normal world, where Larry is standing confused at what just happened. He quickly realizes his mistake and runs over to Brian to pull out the trident, then starts using his healing flames on him. Timmy gets up to meet them.


Timmy: What did you do to him Larry


Larry: i have no clue. My only guess is that is one of the flames Ernesto told me about that I didn’t use before. I never once learned how to use it and I don’t even know how I did that just now. 


Brian: either way, good job. You saved us buddy.


Cambry: I’ve just been standing here kinda awkwardly can one of you open me up now


Brian: sorry Cambry, there are more important things to tend to! (starts jogging towards Hitmanmaid swagily)


Narrator: brian releases Hitmanmaid from her shackles


Hitmanmaid: Thanks again, guys.


Brian: ok can we be together now?


Hitmanmaid: still have a dad, remember. Damn he didn't even show for the wedding.


Brian: oh yeah, huh. (shakes fist at sky) Someday. Well, see ya


Hitmanmaid: ill see you in college Brian (walks out)


All: oooooooo


Brian: dang you guys got me redder, than, than, MS rosy cheeks.


MS: Alright clasth, i'm gonna go eat some cookies and get the hell out of this moth. alright see ya!


Larry: He built Aquaman a new body. How the hell did he get the technology for that.


Cambry: I don't know man but can we go home? I left my bed on.


Timmy: Cambry how the hell did you leave your bed on?


Narrator: They return home after succeeding. As they roll through the cosmos, Larrys looks around, then gazes past his left arm, which now has a tiny yin sign. He is confused, but brushes it off, and they continue home. We now see Hitman entering the mosque, looking for Aquaman


Hitman: oh crap his batteries must’ve died. Darn things have no lifespan anymore.


Narrator: Hitman manages to open the portal to hell and walk through.


Hitman: Remember me Hades?


Hades: HITMAN. My favorite mortal. What can I do for you?


Hitman: I need the soul of that fish guy you took earlier. 


Hades: Aw man but I told him his punishment would be eternal.


Hitman: You can keep the PTSD in him. It's great for adrenaline.


Hades: Fine, get out of here before I rain here fire upon you.


Narrator: Hitman exits the mosque with the body and soul of Aquaman relatively intact. 


Hitman: Hultron. Seeing as you have identical memories with Vultron, show me how the Advanced Battle Suit works. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 85: Meat your Maker