


Narrator: It has been three fish bridesmaids since their last adventure. The losers are relaxing at home as always, awaiting their next inconvenience. 


Guy on TV: Do you want your shoes to have tires? Come on down! Just come. Arrive. No specific address. GET EM NOW


Larry: Meh, I'll stick to these elmers. 


Guy on TV: greetings all passengers of INSERT CAR BRAND. They have issued a recall for INSERT MODEL NUMBER. Head to this undisclosed address for some financial compensation or some carp i dont know.


Narrator: The door rings and Cambry goes up to answer it. He starts to exit.


Brian: Cambry where are you goin?


Cambry: The recall bro


Larry: are you sure that applies to you?


Cambry: heck yeah ive been having all sorts of kinks.


Narrator: wiper fluid shoots out of Cambry’s radio.


Timmy: noted.


Narrator: They go outside to see Cambry being airlifted away. PE is manning the helicopter.


Timmy: Damn PE why are you doing this?


PE: You ask me that everytime I do anything. Can I not just have a side job for god sakes?


Narrator: They exit the area but not before Larry places a tracker onto Cambry’s left tire. 


Brian: Well so much for watching the commercial channel.


Timmy: What ever happened to playing roblox?


Larry: Dude, no time for callbacks. 


Narrator: They tail cambry and arrive outside of the warehouse. They wait till nightfall before sneaking in. 


Larry: Ok so I'll activate my suit and fly over while you two use your lightning powers.


Timmy: Or we could just do things how we used to.


Narrator: Timmy walks up to the security guard.


SG: ID?


Timmy: I'm Timmy T brotha.


Narrator: He shanks the man in cold blood.


Larry: Jeez, you prefer this over secretly entering the base?


Timmy: What? People are gonna forget this is just a regular shank I can make glow sometimes. 


Narrator: They make it inside and see a room titled CAMBRY MODEL 2. They see hundreds of identical rooms with different numbers attached. Announcer walks up to them.


Announcer: Hey bada bada. Are you boys here for the Cambry warehouse tour?


Larry: Sure. 

Announcer: Follow me.


Narrator: They walk through the facility as the announcer explains what is going on.


Announcer: Cambry production requires two easy steps. A car, and the cambry dipping sauce. 


Brian: Cambry dipping sauce?


Announcer: Yes, all cambry models are dipped into a special sauce that makes them sentient and special. No two cambrys are identical which is something we pride ourselves on.


Narrator: They walk into a break room.


Announcer: You guys gotta do something. This place is corrupt. 


Timmy: Why are you working here then?


Announcer: Gotta pay the bills. The guy who runs this place is really weird. He constantly makes Cambrys and then incinerates them if they don't come out “like he wants.” The Cambrys that are alive but need to be inspected are down the hall. Good luck I got another tour coming in. 


Larry: Ok guys let's head over.

Narrator: They make it to what looks like a parking lot lined with thousands of cambrys. They are all talking to each other. 


Timmy: How are we gonna find our Cambry among all of these impostors. 


Both: Shut up Timmy. 


Timmy: Fine fine. 


Brian: I GOT IT. WHO WANTS SHREK DVDS?


Narrator: All of the Cambrys look at brian in unison. 


Larry: That didn't work.


Brian: Larry this is scary. Its like that chicken cult. 


Timmy: Chicken what?


Cambre: Do you have el dvd or no.


Brian: No. We are just looking for our friend Cambry.


Cambre: Well I am el Cambre. Check by the campfire. He may be retelling stories there.


Larry: God, how big is this place? 


Cambre: Six meter. 


Narrator: They make it to the campfire and see Cambry telling stories. 

Cambry: So then, I drove away. I know a crazy story huh guys?


Brian: Cambry these cars are still lifeless. 


Cambry: oh hey guys. Isn't this great? Everyone here is me!


Timmy: yeah...wonderful. Hey Cambry, have you met the guy that runs this place?


Cambry: Not yet but I'm apparently next.


Announcer: Will Cambry please come to the sauce room. Cambry to the sauce room please. 


Timmy: I got an idea wait.


Narrator: We pan to Cambry meeting with the owner above the sauce. He is cloaked in a robe so Cambry can't see who he is. 


Owner: You don't have a serial number like the others. So I guess I am speaking to Cambry Prime.


Cambry: Something like that. 


Owner: I don't suppose you remember me. Allow me to step into the light.


Narrator: Out of the darkness steps an android like figure painted bright red. 


Cambry: Dude I have no idea who you are. 


Lambo: You idiot. IT IS I. LAMBO. YOU DID THIS TO ME CAMBRY. I had to rebuild myself in this horrid form. When I turn into a car I am missing three doors AND THE TRUNK. 


Cambry: Jeez dude are you gonna take parts from these other Cambrys? 


Lambo: Somewhat Cambry. I am slowly being rebuilt as we speak. I have repurposed your flesh into Lambonite, a regenerative metal. Soon I will be as perfect as I used to be. 


Cambry: Why are you running this place Lambo? You aren't even a Cambry.


Lambo: Funny you should say that.


Narrator: Lambo reveals a serial code on his arm. 

Lambo: I AM A CAMBRY. I was dunked into this same sauce and came out as a beautiful lambo. I knew I was too good for your kind so I branded myself as a lambo and not a cambro you know.


Cambry: Sick rhymes. But that still doesn't explain why you are working here and killing innocent cars. 


Lambo: Then let me monologue CAMBRY. You see, you and your mentally handicapped friends single handedly evaporated everyone I held dear. To you we were mere copies. But to me, they were my lifelong friends. YOU CHEATED ME OUT OF A PERFECT LIFE CAMBRY. So I have been overseeing Cambry production waiting for one to possess your precious portal tech. Then I can escape this reality and reunite with my brothers. 
Cambry: But you are just throwing away lives in the process. Innocent Cambrys that could be frolicking at Chilis across the globe. 

Lambo: These cars could not survive in the real world. The economy would shake to its very core. As long as I am here these cars will die by my hand. I'll kill them all if it means seeing my brothers again.


Cambry: That's good?


Larry: Yep that'll do.


Narrator: The losers pop out of Cambry’s trunk along with a few dozen police. 


Timmy: Lambo you are under arrest for the 1st degree car murder.


Lambo: You can't prove anything. 


Larry: On the contrary. We recorded your entire conversation and have thousands of cars lined up to testify. 


Lambo: Damn you losers. One day I'll get my revenge. WE WILL RETURN.


Brian: Ok cops he's handcuffed now head out. We got it from here.


Narrator: They evacuate and the losers walk out onto the grass outside. 


Lambo: What are you guys waiting for? They were gonna take me to jail.


Timmy: We have a better jail for you.


Narrator: The Defenders of the Cosmos enter the atmosphere and land in front of the losers. 


Tommy: Hey guys. Is this the famous Lambo?


Brian: Yep, take him to the space prison. We already told them you were coming. 


Tommy: Sounds good. See you guys later. 


Lambo: Don't think you are safe. I'll find my brothers and we will destroy you.


Narrator: They fly away leaving the losers to deal with the warehouse. 


Cambry: Lambo has a point. There's no way these cars would survive down here. I GOT AN IDEA!


Narrator: Cambry makes a large portal and teleports all the cars to an empty planet.

Cambre: Gracias mis amigos. 


Cambry: no problem cousin? Uncle? We are probably related. 


Narrator: The losers leave the cars on their planet and head home to relax. Meanwhile at the space prison. Lambo is fully regenerated with Lambonite and is depressed in his cell. He is seen talking to poorly drawn versions of his friends.


Lambo: Don't worry Barry, I'll be swimming in those abs soon enough. 


Narrator: He pulls out a vile of Cambry sauce and drinks it. Surprised, he remains alive. He then generates an interdimensional portal gun. 


Lambo: Ha. Lucky lambo. I'm coming boys. 


Narrator: He teleports away, somewhere or sometime unknown.


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 86: Grounded