

Narrator: It has been several vats of unsure sauce types since their last adventure. The lounge is just chillin. Nothing else. Just chillin.


Timmy: god cambry did you have to take extra cambry dipping sauce with you. It’s all over the bathroom and I really don’t want the toilet to become sentient while im using it


Cambry: Sorry bout that t. Hold up guys ill be back Im gonna eat a mayo sandwich deep fried in cambry sauce


Brian: yeah good luck with that our deep fryer has been broken since you tried to deep fry an ice cube tray full of cheese sauce, remember


Cambry: darn you’re right. Hmm, who might have a deep fryer for just a sec?


Larry: cambry don’t go to some random persons house and…


Brian: and he’s gone
Narrator: little do they know cambry already has rolled into one of elmer's space mansions. Cambry dips the disgusting food into one of his fryers and it immediately blows up. Sirens immediately go up. Cambry starts going 90 miles per something, but isn’t going anywhere. He is being held by elmer


Elmer: what are you doing?


TV Guy: Hey you. Yeah. Do you want socks with tires? wHATTTTT. Socks with tires?


Larry: god these ads just keep getting stupider and stupider huh


Narrator: suddenly elmer barges in holding cambry by the car neck (idk)


Timmy: what did he do this time?


Elmer: he blew up my deep fryer. I’m not really mad, im just disappointed, and this kinda segways into something ive been wanting to do for a while.


Narrator: elmer pushes a button.


Brian: I don’t feel any different


Elmer: try to lift this glass of water


Narrator: brian struggles to lift it.


Brian: did you make me weak?


Elmer: nah i returned all of you guys to your normal states before you had your powers


Brian: was i always this weak?


Elmer: nah just when you’re used to having 52 trillion gigavolt levels, being a peasant again will make trivial tasks easy


Larry: but elmer, why are you doing this


Elmer: look guys. You’re making things really boring. Script wise and otherwise. What happened to being able to solve problems without having to resort to infinite power


Timmy: I guess he has a point, but how long will we be in this state


Elmer: FOREVER. Nah im just kidding, ill give you guys it back after you can solve a problem i consider substantial enough without your powers


Brian: are you gonna watch over us or something


Elmer: pretty much. Here ill give you guys a little thing that will tell you whenever there is any sort of threat universally.


Timmy: well that makes it kinda easy


Elmer: i mean, brian can barely lift a glass of water, so i wouldnt say that, but I wouldn’t be doing this if i didnt believe in you guys. Good luck


Larry: wait can we still use cambry


Elmer: sure, you used cambry before you powurs


Brian: that should make things much easier


Elmer: i wouldn’t count on it. He went ahead and ate the remnants of the deep fryer catastrophe


Narrator: they look over to cambry who is writhing in pain


Timmy: pfft this is just a tuesday at outback for us


Cambry: (while paralyzed) lets roll! (they roll)


Timmy: where are we even going.


Cambry: there is already a list of things we can fight right now, in order of priority as well as their threat level.


Larry: what should we aim for? Elmer never told us how difficult they had to be


Brian: what if we just face the greatest threat on there right now.


Larry: im just gonna be completely honest, I don’t think we’d have a chance


Brian: nonsense. Sort by MOST DIFFICULT


Narrator: they sort by most difficult and see an ominous black being named THE ANTIGOD with a rating simply labeled DEATH ITSELF. He has apparently been on this watchlist for centuries because no one wants to face him


Larry: can we see it’s characteristics


Brian: see, right there! Pfft,his abilities aren’t even THAT bad


Timmy: Abilities: Immortal. Can kill any being in the universe simply by thinking about it. Ok maybe we shouldn’t fight this.


Brian: wait we can’t rule it out without looking at its weaknesses!


Larry: weaknesses: weaknesses are strengths to this being


Brian: ok maybe you’re right…


Cambry: All right, we’re here!


Timmy: we’re where?


Cambry: uh, at mr. antigods house


Timmy: WHAT THE HELL GET US OUT OF HERE


Cambry: pfft, we’ve faced greater threats (rings doorbell) huh no response. Let’s barge in.


Larry: LET US OUT


Narrator: Cambry locks the doors


Cambry: come on guys im doing this for you don’t you want your powers back?


Larry: (points to phone) OK but can we fight jeffrey jellyfish instead of a guy that will and I quote “kill us by just thinking about it”


Cambry: you guys don’t have any confidence in yourselves. (they barge in)


Timmy: huh i would’ve thought that the literal antigod would’ve had a more evil looking house. I mean its kinda dark in here but.


Larry: wait do you guys hear that?


Narrator: there was the sound of what sounds like part of the house breaking


Timmy: I want out of here, now.


Cambry: ok maybe we won’t fight him, but can we at least take a selfie with him or something


Brian: i'm in!


Narrator: they tip toe to where the sound came from. There is a slightly open door that has a light emitting from it. They hear a pounding and the breaking sounds are getting louder. Cambry farts and the door instantly shatters.


Brian: Crap. Don’t kill us mr antigod!


Antigod: crap ive been discovered


Larry: are you gonna kill us


Antigod: no. I’m pretty sure you could eliminate me


Brian: are you sure. I mean cant you kill us by thinking about it


Antigod: maybe in super kill siblings


Timmy: im lost


Antigod: i made up an alias and all those abilities and somehow got registered on the list. I did it because neighbors are annoying and i don't like talking to people, so i thought people would avoid my address if an antigod lived there. And hey it worked, until you wackos showed up.


Brian: so you’re just a normal guy that plays video games


Antigod: pretty much


Larry: how old are you


Antigod: somewhere in the 300s. I forget.


Timmy: how long have you been playing the same game down here.


Antigod: when was fortnite popular again?


Cambry: damn bro thats suks, we’re sorry.


Antigod: it’s fine. Just leave and we’re all good.


Cambry: hey can we at least say that we defeated the antigod so we can get back our powurs


Antigod: no can do. I don’t want random people to show up in my house again. 

Timmy: you act as though people just randomly walk in other peoples house when they know they are there


Antigod: you guys just did that though


Larry: thats fair. Aight we’re out


Narrator: They start to roll away. 


Cambry: So who are we targeting next? We gotta get those powers back.


Brian: What was that name of that other guy Larry?


Larry: Oh yeah. Jeffrey Jellyfish. Average guy rated MIGHT HURT YOU. His powers consist of... it just says the word jellyfish. 


Timmy: Sounds troutastic come on Timmy.


Narrator: They roll up to a boardwalk and see a guy street performing ventriloquism. He is playing with a puppet jellyfish.


Brian: Jeffrey Jellyfish?


JJ: Friends call me JJ, most call me good with puppets. 


Timmy: We are here to hurt you. You’re on a list of people that need to be hunted. 


JJ:(scared) Why would that be chaps?


Larry: It says that you “tripped a guy?” This is not that serious of an offense. 


JJ: On my planet it is. 


Timmy: What?


JJ: Follow me.


Narrator: They walk into a back alley and jeffery collapses. The puppet begins to wriggle.


JJ: My true form.


Larry: Oh you're an actual jellyfish. 


JJ: Yes, eons ago I tripped a man and ran away in hopes of escaping my persecution. My home planet would never accept me again. Not unless I came back with a copy of shrek six on VHS. The sacred VHS. Whatever, forget my monologue. End my pathetic jellyfish life. 


Brian: Woah did you say shrek six?


JJ: Yes. We have the first five but not one of my kind has found the sixth. 
 
Narrator: Brian does the heimlich on Cambry and he spits up an assortment of shrek ripoffs. 


JJ: This will appease my people! Thank you gentlemen. Me and my planet are forever in your debt. 


Timmy: Can we just take a pic of you dead on the ground so it seems like we killed you?


JJ: Of course. 

Narrator: They take the photo and JJ swims upward into the sky towards his home planet. The losers head home to a message on the doorstep.


Larry: “Dear losers, I am going on a short trip and I won't be back for sometime. You can get your powers when I get back. See ya-Elmer”


Brian: Damn. Guess we are just gonna have to rough it out for a little while.


Timmy: Rough it out? What does that even mean?


Cambry: a little while? Why not a lot?


Larry: Get inside we are gonna miss the TV channel. 


Narrator: Meanwhile at Elmers home, he walks in and the lights are out. 


Elmer: Good thing I have cow night vision. 


Narrator: He lays down in bed. He slowly opens his eyes and sees a set of eyes looking down on him from the ceiling. The person drops onto Elmer and places him into a mind control muzzle. 


H: You're mine now, Elmer. And soon, we will all be his. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 87: The quick and the deadly