
Narrator: It has been six jellyfish since their last adventure. The boys are chillaxing as they always are before something strange happens. 


Larry: God not having powers is so strange. I know almost every form of ancient martial arts and have no way to use them.


Timmy: Well I had shanking before our powers so I am kinda thriving right now.


Narrator: They see Brian in the corner struggling to change the TV channel.


Brian: Shut up. I'll get my strength back soon enough. 


Larry: Hey guys is it me or is it hot in here?


Timmy: no dude I put some chill ice in the ac. 


Cambry: You good Larry?


Larry: Um… let me check...no.


Narrator: Larry looks at his side and notices a large green scar. 


Brian: What the bruh is that?


Larry: Oh crap. I think I got the flu.


Timmy: What?


Larry: yeah this is definitely the flu. 

Brian: how in Elmer’s name is this the flu?


Larry: My green flames passively boost my immune system. So I think that after my powers were revoked I am just immune compromised. 


Timmy: NO VERSION OF THE FLU INVOLVES A GREEN SCAR!


Larry: My guess is I got like i don't know four hours to live.


All: WHY ARE YOU SO CALM ABOUT THIS?!


Larry: *ahem* This is a Carnival Cliche story, remember. Some random guy will walk in here and provide a potentially inconvenient solution, because, uh, plot.


Cambry: Have you said that before?


Narrator: On the TV they see an ad for the Monte Carlo Grand Prix. 


Announcer: The winna winna will receive a small fortune and an actual healing potion with unheard of capabilities. One in the universe. Come and get it. 


Larry: imma lay down. 


Narrator: Larry exits the room. 


Brian: yo we gotta get that thing for Larry. 


Timmy: no duh Brian let's go. 


Cambry: I haven't raced in a while. LET'S ROLL. BACK TO VEGAS. AGAIN.


Narrator: they arrive at the press conference before the race. 


Announcer: Let's meet our racers. Hailing from some suburb somewhere...Cambry and the Jets!


Brian: What the hell name is that?


Cambry: They asked me for our team name. I said Cambry and the Jets. 


Announcer: Next up, from the harsh streets of a place...PE.


Narrator: PE walks in holding his Police Cruiser with his bare hands. 


Brian: PE that is clearly cardboard.


PE: NUH UH.


Announcer: And finally, from out of town, newcomers to the great city of vegas, Carby and the Sky Birds?


All: WHAT?

Narrator: As if they were spirits from the dead the bootleg versions of the losers return to the main stage. 


Baron: Long time no see, me. 


Brian: What the hell are you guys doing here?


Carby: Made a slight detour on our way to Conveinenie. 


Timmy: What is that off brand Clichenie?


Larty: Come guys we got a race to win.


Announcer: The race is simple, You have to make it from right here to the top of the vegas eiffel tower. On your mark. Get set. Roll.


Narrator: The race begins. Cambry is sleeping.


Timmy: GOD DAMMIT CAMBRY. Brian get the butter. 


Narrator: Brian waves butter in front of Cambry.


Cambry: WOOOO BUTTER!


Narrator: He races forward and catches up to PE in second place. PE turns on his sirens and starts driving on the sidewalk. 


Timmy: Thats illegal!


PE: I AM THE LAW.


Narrator: Laughing at them he hits a pole and completely folds in half. It is now between Cambry and Carby. The only way to the top of the tower is to make it to the parking building and race to the helipad where a helicopter takes you to the top. They see Carby make it onto the helicopter. 


Brian: Shoot. Larry is gonna die guys what are we gonna do?!


Cambry: I got this. Brian get more butter. 


Brian: What?


Cambry: Trust me. 


Narrator: Cambry makes a turn into a parking structure instead of the helipad. He starts to go up the winding structure. He uses the butter brian gave him to slick his wheels, allowing him to drift. 


Timmy: Feels like Tokyo all over again.


Brian: When the hell did you go to Tokyo?


Cambry: HOLD ON I'M GONNA JUMP.


Timmy: WHAT WHERE?


Cambry: Onto the tower. 


Brian: Cambry that may be the dumbest idea you have ever had. 


Cambry: TOO LATE.


Narrator: Time moves slowly. Cambry jumps off the side of the building towards the eiffel tower, he is eye level with Carby being raised. Cambry notices a single bird flying and double jumps off of the bird. He collides with the helicopter and uses that momentum to continue soaring upward. He finally lands on top of the tower, perfectly fine.


Brian: holy crap Cambry. That was awesome.


Cambry: I got one thing that Carby will never have. And that's Family.


Announcer: Congratulations to Cambry and the Jets. Here is 10,000 dollars and the potion of unlimited potential. Can't be used forever though.Plot bada ba. 


Carby: NOOOO. This isn't fair. I HATE YOU ALL.


Larty: You selfish boys will rue the day you ruined our plans. 


Narrator: Larty pulls out a small lighter and starts waving it at them. Brian presses a pressure point in his shoulder. 


Brian: The real Larry taught me that. And now for this. 


Narrator: Brian does the pressure point paralyzation technique. Larty is now paralized from the waist down. 


Cambry: (coughs)

Baron: Retreat! You haven't seen the last of us. 


Cambry: Never played it either. 


Narrator: Carby activates a portal and they all return to their bootleg dimension. PE walks up.


PE: Oh god. Can I get a sip of that potion? 


Timmy: um.


Narrator: Timmy dips a finger in and pokes PE. He is instantly healed.


PE: Well good game.


Brian: Why did you even compete?


PE: I was hoping it could mend the relationship between me and my son.


PES: SCREW YOU DAD. You could have resurrected my siblings!


PE: That's never gonna happen I guess. 


Narrator: The losers roll home as Larry is seen on the couch in critical condition. They feed him the potion and he is back at 100%.


Larry: Wowee I feel better. How did it go?


Timmy: Troutastic. 


Narrator: They go back to their scheduled downtime. Meanwhile in the bootleg dimension we see Carby injecting Larty with a syringe. 

Larty: BE CAREFUL. ONLY A DROP.


Narrator: The syringe is removed and Larty is back at perfect condition. 


Larty: How much is left?


Baron: enough.


Narrator: They walk to a rainy graveyard. To a grave labeled Tarmac. 


Larty: Ages ago, our brother Tarmac died battling the greatest of foes. It is time for him to return to this world. 


Narrator: Carby injects the grave. Suddenly the rain stops. The earth begins to shake as well. Out of the grave comes Tarmac the Barbarian, a large and brutal version of Jimmy for scale. 


Tarmac: I can feel again. Hello my friends. Why have I returned?


Baron: Brother Tarmac, the fool counterparts of Earth have reigned supreme long enough. It is time for us to take what is ours. 


Tarmac: Verywell. Their bloodshed will be an insignificant price to pay for our salvation. 


Larty: There is just one thing. Your counterpart's son, Tommy. He has access to that silver spice system. The one you warned us about.


Tarmac: HE LIVES. MY TRUE ADVERSARY?!

Narrator: Tarmac begins to rage as his hair turns bright gold along with his eyes. He sends a wave of energy across the planet. 


Tarmac: I will have his head. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 88: Defenders of the Cosmos 3