


Narrator: It has been a good amount of hip pain since their last adventure. We see the losers in the living room. They have removed all of the furniture. Brian and Larry stand face to face.


Larry: You ready Brian?


Brian: I guess.


Narrator: The two begin to spar. Brian is able to keep up but Larry sweeps his leg and pins him. 


Larry: You've improved some amount Brian. I'm impressed.


Brian: Yeah, thanks for teaching me some stuff. It's good to have a variety of things to choose from in combat. 


Larry: Yeah. Alright let's try that again.


Narrator: Seeing as the losers are at a calm point in their journey, let's take a look at what the defenders of the cosmos are up to. We open on them jammin through the stars.


Bobby: Yo check it out this is a beat I made while doing time. 


Dave: This is chill awesome bobby.

Bobby: We gotta work on your street tongue Davey Bones.


Tommy: Davey Bones? Whatever guys let's check our next job. Cashier!


Cashier:(hologram) Hello defenders. There have been recent reports of a man stealing supplies from various facilities. The reported goods include, spacial warpers, long range radio systems, and some high grade weaponry, biological and mechanical.


Tommy: Jeez, this guys legit.


Phil: Any tips you can give us? Leads? A supplier maybe?


Cashier: Well the only lead we have is that he received a few crates of radio equipment from some thug in chicago. 


All: Always Chicago.


Narrator: They roll down to Chicago and find the Thug running a RadioShack.


Thug: Hey what can I get you? We got Aladdin on DVD and the Princess Bride on VHS.


Tommy: Hello sir I am with the Defenders of the Cosmos. I would like your finest Nick Cannon album and to question you about a case I'm working on. 


Thug: (Sweating) Uh sure. Give me one second I'll go get that album from the back.


Narrator: He walks into the back and Tommy sees him run around the front and escape.


Tommy: (comms) We got a runner.


Phil: We’re on it. 


Narrator: Phil is seen jumping rooftops following the thug. He activates propulsion boots and lands in front of him. He then pulls out the Chill necklace and chill shows up.


Chill: You need to chill out.


Narrator: He freezes the thug into a block of ice. They transport him to a warehouse for questioning. 


Bobby: Yo guys lemme question him. I spent a good amount of time interagationatin in the clink.


Tommy: Go for it.


Thug: What do you want?


Bobby: Easy bud. I'm your pal here. These guys wanna hurt you. I just wanna know who you gave some simple radio stuff to that's it. Easy peasy just let me know.


Thug: I don't know man I swear.


Bobby: YOU TELL ME WHO YOU GAVE THIS STUFF TO OR MAKE YOU A PRISON SANDWICH!


Thug: Oh god no!


Tommy: I'll take it from here.

Narrator: A very angry Bobby gets back as Tommy steps towards the Thug. 


Tommy: hey thug. We’ve met before probably when I was a baby. Ever heard of Tommy?

Thug:(gulps) Tommy of the triple T bloodline? Thats you?!


Tommy: Yeah man. So here's what's gonna happen. Either you give me the information I need, or I rearrange your molecular structure and give you hollow bones. 


Thug: FINE FINE. I cave. Some random guy walked into my store and asked if we had any military grade radio equipment. He was talking about carrying signals across time and space. Crazy stuff but I didn't want to die or anything so I just obliged. 


Tommy: What did he look like? Any defining features?


Thug: He called himself Iranian Satisfaction when I asked for a name for the order. 


Tommy: That will be all, thank you.


Narrator: He removes the thug from his shackles and he runs away in complete fear. 


Tommy: It appears we are looking for a Hitman variant, most likely from the bootleg dimension.


Phil: What makes you say that?


Tommy: Iranian Satisfaction? Sounds like a less terrifying turkish delight if you ask me?


Dave: why is it that all we fight is thugs and hitmen?


Chill: Chill out bro. ICE.


Tommy: not your finest work chill but ok. Ok bobby, you were once a rugged street man. Where would someone who is trying to lay low hang out?


Bobby: I know just the place.


Narrator: They fly over to the space 7/11.


Bobby: I camped out for six weeks here without the po po finding me. 


Phil: Who is stupid enough to come to the most well known 7/11 in hopes of hiding?


Narrator: They walk inside and see a version of hitman that is much shorter and less intimidating. 


IS: Drats. They found me. But how?


Dave: its over Iranian satisfaction.


IS: Thats my stage name. You can call me assassinator. 


Tommy: Wow, i can see why you have a stage name. Why are you stealing these things? Who are you working for?


IS: I couldn't tell you even if I wanted to. I smuggle for those who pay me, the confidentiality is entirely on my part. But trust me, the guys i'm working for, you don't wanna mess with them.


Chill: That ain't chill. We’ll see about that. Take us to your employers. 


IS: Not a chance. SMOKE BOMB.


Narrator: He throws a single popper at the ground and portals back to the bootleg dimension. The others follow except Bobby who stays to maintain the portal.


Bobby: Got any licorice?


Cashier: Of course.


Narrator: They land on the bootleg planet. They step off one by one onto the soil.


Phil: Whats taking so long Tommy come on.

Narrator: Tommy hesitantly walks off of the platform onto the ground. He immediately feels a surge of energy that brings him to his knees. He then hears a menacing voice in his head.


Tarmac: Here so soon, chosen one? I don't mind speeding up the inevitable if you don't. 


Narrator: Tarmac let's out a maniacal laugh. Tommy scrambles to his feet.


Tommy: EVERYBODY BACK ON THE SHIP NOW. 


Narrator: They race back onto the ship and enter orbit. From orbit they see the radio tower device being built. 


Tommy: Open the hatch. 


Narrator: from orbit tommy looks down on the planet. He sees Tarmac, who stares directly back at him with a wicked smile. Tommy sends out a beam that severs the radio tower in two. Tarmac walks away, unbothered.


Phil: Tommy what the hell were you doing?


Tommy: Delaying the inevitable. 


Bobby: Whatchu talkin bout?


Tommy: That man on that planet is stronger than any one of us, maybe even stronger than my uncles. If he’s trying to communicate or teleport somewhere, we just sent him back to the stone age.


Chill: So we have some time to chill?


Tommy: Something like that. 


Phil: Ok then...TO THE BOWLING ALLEY.


All: BOWLING ALLEY!!


Narrator: Tommy shakes off the feeling of Tarmac and joins in their celebration. Meanwhile, the bootlegs minus Tarmac, who went to go train more, are worried. 


IS: Cod dangit. You have no idea how long it took to get all that stuff. To get it all back again would take ages. 


H: Not necessarily. 


Narrator: They see a hologram of a man with a blurred face and distorted voice. 


Larty: Who are you? 


H: Who I am is not important. What matters is we share similar interests. My dimension is also trying to create an interdimensional portal. We destroyed the only car that had one. 


Carby: All I can make is sbarro’s pizza.


H: The point is I have a proposition for you. You gather the parts, and bring them to me. My people and I shall build the device, when we leave to our destination, we take you with us.


Baron: I don't even know where we are going.


H: I've had enough of this foolishness. Who here knows what is going on?


Tarmac: I do. 


H: Ah, a brute. How refreshing. So, where are you and your idiot companions travelling to?


Tarmac: Earth.


H: Perfect, we don't have to make multiple stops then. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 89: Commander in Cheef.