


Narrator: It has been 2 accounts of corruption since their last adventure. The losers are chillin like villains.


Larry: God I hate not having powers. You know how boring it is waiting for an oven to cook your food?


Brian: I know, we have to pay an electric bill now since we don't mass produce electricity passively. 


Narrator: All of the sudden a knock is heard on the door. Larry goes to answer it. 


Larry: Hello?


PE: Hello. I need you all to come with me.


Brian: Oh hey PE, who are you working for this week?


PE: The president of the United states. 


Timmy: Oh god. What does he want?


PE: Well nothing. He doesn't want you guys. I came to warn you. President Liotta got a hold of Clichenie. 


Larry: How, clichenie is exponentially stronger than Ray Liotta.


PE: I don't know. But we both know Clichenie is very good at getting caught. The point is he is using Clichenie to predict the future so that he can see who is gonna vote for him in the next election. 


Brian: Well, I think its time we enter the running then. 


Timmy: Somebody get me a blazer. 


Narrator: They roll to D.C. on Cambry in helicopter form. We see Liotta giving a speech. He looks much more fatigued and worn out. 


Ray: People of this great country. I have served you for an unknown amount of time. Nonetheless, it was a lot of time. That is why I think you should re-elect me again, again. In the past 80 some scripts there has yet to be someone who can take my throne. I am basically the god of this country. Bow before me you inferior creatures. 


Narrator: The crowd erupts in celebration. All of the sudden cambry crash lands onto the stage, Timmy walks out as the whole crowd boos and cries. 


Timmy: Thank you thank you. People of Americana. I would like to formally enter the race for president. 


Ray: Lucky you. Today is the last day for applicants to arrive. Looks like its just you and me Timmy T. 


Cambry: Hey that was a synonym!


Brian: Close buddy, rhyme. 


Announcer: Alright every get out. Its time for the bada battle of the presidential nominees. 


Timmy: What? I thought this was a basic election.


Ray: I have been president for what seems like 80 years. I changed a few things. For example, every citizen must have a tattoo of me somewhere on their left leg. 


Cambry: oh.. Thats why that guy branded me. 


Larry: no cambry that was because you stole a pint of blood from the blood bank. 


Cambry: I thought it was ice cream cause pint. 


Announcer: Whatever, there shall be three challenges for the presidency. First, a test of the mind. Both of you must answer as many questions as possible. 


Ray: One second. 


Narrator: He runs back stage and walks back out holding clichenie from the bicep. He puts his hand on his head. 


Ray: Ready?


Brian: What the hell?


Announcer: First question, what is it called when…


Ray: Persecution!


Announcer: Correct!


Timmy: I call foul. You're using Clichenie to predict the questions.


Ray: Ok and?

Narrator: The rest of the round goes on and Ray wins significantly due to cheating. 


Announcer: Alright, next up, the second event, a test of the soul. 


Larry: What the hell does that mean?


Announcer: Each contestant must solve an ethical dilemma. Whoever gets the correct answer first wins. 


Narrator: The terrain changes and the two nominees are in front of a child. He is caked in mud and crying. 


Child: My mother has been killed. What do I do?


Timmy: jesus christ. What kinda sick twisted game is this?


Announcer: Sorry, I ran the “would you help a kid” simulation. Heres the real one. 


Narrator: They are now on a train track. The track splits and there are 4 people on one side and one person on the other.


Ray: The trolley problem. A classic. 


Timmy: Well do you have the answer?


Ray: Of course, all you have to do is uhhh, uhhh.


Narrator: Upon closer look he sees that all of the people strapped to the tracks are his family. Timmy sees his friends instead. 


Ray: OH GOD. MICHELLE? You're dead already. (he looks at the single person track) KARSEN. MY BABY. OH GOD I CAN'T TAKE IT. 


Timmy: Uh oh. Guys, what should I do. Do I save all of you, or just Cambry?


Brian: THIS ISN'T A SIMULATION WE ARE GOING TO DIE. KILL CAMBRY WHO NEEDS HIM.


Cambry: Hey, i need me. 


Timmy: Oh. This is a simulation right? Then how about this. 


Narrator: The train comes blazing forward. As they all clench in fear, Timmy stops the train and derails it. 

Timmy: Save everyone, only acceptable answer. 


Announcer: Correct! Except that train was full of orphans but still. You win the soul test. 


Narrator: We see Ray hold the holograms as they disappear. 


Ray: MICHELLE COME BACK TO ME. COME BACK. *cries*
  
Announcer: And now for the final test bada ba. A test of the flesh. This ancient battle getup has evolved over centuries, and is meant to separate men from boys, bada ba. Warning audience members, this test is not for the faint of heart.


Timmy: carp, I haven’t done anything physically strenuous in a while


Announcer: and now, start your engines, for you two must, ARM WRESTLE


Timmy: eh?


Ray: Well, you were a good competitor while it lasted. Whilst I am a very humble being, I have to say I’m extremely toned and very handsome as a result, and hence you stand no chance


Timmy: You are just literally bragging, you are as far from humble as they get


Ray: Oh yeah, tough guy.


Narrator: ray takes off his shirt, revealing the most toned, symmetrical body in existence. The room instantly goes up 15 degrees in temperature as a result of the reflection off of his tanned, shiny body.


Timmy: Hey, i got those too


Narrator: Timmy struggles taking off his shirt, and reveals a very subtle six pack when flexing to his max. Ray chuckles.


Ray: guess we already have our answer as to who's the man here, and whos the boy


Narrator: the 2 sit in their designated seats on the arm wrestling table, and face each other


Announcer: are you ready? Get set. ARM!


Narrator: Ray's arm instantly breaks through the table, crushing it entirely. Ray stares at Timmy in shock. The audience is completely silent.


Ray: (quietly) how did I… I couldn’t even use my cheat technique that allows me to win


Timmy: were you gonna try to go over the top?


Ray: how did you know?


Timmy: I knew about it as well. I used it for a while as it’s actually a good strategy. But then I found an easier way to win.


Ray: what?


Timmy: (quietly) to get strong


Ray: huh?


Timmy: (screaming) TO BECOME A MAN YOU ABSOLUTE CHILD. YEAH I WIN WOOOOO THANKS CAMBRY AND ALL MY SUPPORTERS WOO IM PREZ NOW WOO!


Announcer: Hey thats my line! But yes, you won. Who is your vice?


Timmy: ME BABY. WOOO


Larry: I've never seen Timmy so excited. 


Timmy: My first act as president. I want to set Clichenie free. You guys are really weird for keeping him here. Wait how long have you been here, Clichenie?


Clichenie: When was the last time I saw you guys?


Ray: Yeah we’re bad people here in the Government. 


Timmy: My second act as president, I will now take leave. I will leave the running of the country up to Ray Liotta. 


Ray: God dammit again? Fine, but I respect you now. Consider yourself, an American citizen. (green day plays in the background)


Brian: Have we not been American this whole time?


Ray: Not on paper you haven't.


Larry: Ok let's get out of here. D.C. gets weird at night. 


Timmy: Oh one more thing, my third and final act as president is to add to the Constitution the 52nd amendment: people with 3 T’s can run for president, and Cambry gets free lunch. 


Cambry: YAY. 


Ray: OBJECTION! You can’t just make an amendment on your own


Narrator: the audience is silent


Timmy: So? This won’t hurt anyone


Ray: Damn you made more progress just now than I did my entire presidency. I'll make you proud Timmy. Consider us Goodfellas. 


Larry:  Booo. 


Narrator: They roll home. They walk through the front door of their home and see a weird portal unlike the other ones they have encountered. 


Brian: Dang I was hoping to grab a glass of water before the next adventure. 


Narrator: Clichenie walks out of the portal. 

Clichenie: Guys, follow me. Something is going on in the multiverse. 


All: Multiverse?!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 90: One last thyme