
Zoros: It has been 25 copyright strikes since their last adventure. The 3 OG Loser Lounge members are in a coma and are about to relive their orangin, but to make it clicher, they can also alter their past. We now see them all meeting for the first time in kindergarten.


Timmy: I’m about to see that glue stick again! (PLUH)


Narrator: Timmy spits out the glue stick that was in the trash which Larry then puts in the recycling bin.


Brian: Yeah, protect the Earth dude!


Timmy: Sorry, hi my name is Timmy Thompson Tucker. What are your names.


Brian: Sup, I'm Brian Brock


Larry: And I'm Larry Lallen, me and Brian have been friends for some time now. Do you want to be our friend.


Timmy: Sounds Great. Let’s do it.


Larry: Before you say yes, you need to know your life will be extremely cliche forever. Also you will have to go on adventures with us forever as well.


Timmy: I think I can live with that. 


Brian: Great, but now we have to go on our first adventure together.


Timmy: Where to?


Larry: Don't worry Timmy, this is a cliche story remember, some random problem will appear when necessary.


Timmy: Do you guys feel that chill.


Brian: Whats that


Larry:(looking up) It looks like a person.


Narrator: Hello, I am the narrator, here to tell your story on your journey and because my parents just kicked me out. Think of me as a friend.


Larry: Ok narrator, where are we.

Narrator: Well, they feel a chill coming down their spines and see a mountain on the horizon. In their hands appear three memes, one for each person.


Larry: I got a roll of flex tape.


Timmy: I got a bottle of Elmer’s Glue.


Brian: I got a fried chili cheese dog.


Larry: I think we are supposed to drop these items into the volcano, signaling our cliche lives together.


Brian: I want to celebrate but I don't know what to say. How about, Sounds Troutastic come on Timmy.


Timmy: Ok


Narrator: They begin their hike up towards the mountain. Out of nowhere they stumble upon a pub (brian stumbles)


Brian: Lets go in


Timmy: I don't know, we are only 6 years old.


Larry: Have some fun Timmy


Timmy: Ok


Narrator: They walk inside and look around. In the corner of their eyes they see a man sitting by himself. They walk over to him.


Larry: Hello sir. Are you ok


PD: Yeah, its just that my pork wings haven't come out yet.


Larry: We can help.


Timmy: Waiter!


Narrator: The waiter walks over to them. His nametag says parking enforcer on it.


Brian: Hello sir, this man doesn't have his pork wings.


PE: Sorry, they will be out shortly.


Larry: Unrelated, is parking enforcer your name or your job.


PE: Yes(exits)


PD: Thanks kids how can I ever repay you


Brian: Twenty Bucks


Two: Brian!


Brian: Sorry, you don't have to repay us dude.


PD: Thank you.


PE: Here are your to go pork wings.


PD: Thank you. Kids why don't you leave the tip. I'm going home to mommy and daddy. Now I can finally go become a hitman.


Narrator: He exits leaving the children to decide the tip.


Timmy: What a nice guy. How about 12%


Larry: Are you kidding me. We had to tell him to serve us. I say 6%


Brian: Make it 4


Larry: Ok


Timmy: Fine


Narrator: They put the money on the table and exit the pub. The parking enforcer then goes to collect his tip.


PE: 4% Really. I will make it my life's mission to arrest you!


Narrator: They continue traveling up the mountain. They stop to rest for the night.

Brian: Hey guys, lets all say what we wish for.


Timmy: I wish I had rock hard abs


Larry: I wish I was an asian indian instead of a normal indian.


Brian: As for me, I wish I was a ginger. Having no soul would be great because you wouldn’t cry at funerals. Also my blond hair sucks.


Narrator: They all go to sleep and wake up in the morning. 


Larry: We should be there some time today.


Brian: Hey, I know we haven't signaled our lives yet but… can we afford a cliche mountain climbing montage?


Larry: Absolutely. Narrator hit it.


Narrator: Que the climbing montage.




Timmy: Wow we are already at the top. Lets throw our things in.


Larry: Ok lets all do it at the same time.


All: Uno, Dos, Quatro.


Brian: What happen to tres?


Narrator: we do not speak of Elmer 


Larry: yeah respect that dude


Narrator: They all throw in their items. The volcano erupts into a vast glimmering light. They all see bits and pieces of their future. They see them meeting Clichenie and battling Foroz and going on a road trip. They all are at peace. In the center of it all is Elmer himself.


Elmer: Hello, children.


All: Hello Elmer almighty.


Elmer: I heard your wishes last night and I will now grant them. Larry, you are now an asian indian.


Larry: Yeah!


Elmer: Timmy, look under your shirt.


Timmy:(Lifts shirt) Rock hard abs!


Elmer: And Brian, do you feel it in your soul.


Brian: No, I'm a ginger!


Elmer: You will be reunited with your soul eventually but you will not change.


Brian: How can we ever repay you.


Elmer:(fading away) Find and free me young ones!


Larry: Woah, that was awesome.


Timmy: Lets go home.


Brian: I have a crazy idea. Do you guys wanna buy a house where we can live and play forever and never see our families again.


Both: Gel Yeah!


Narrator: They head home and buy their house where they live peacefully until Carnival Cliche: A horrorable (spelled that way on purpose) comedy for the whole family. Due to plot, they all awake from their comas at the same time.

Larry: Cambry what happened


Cambry: Foroz hit you with a blast which knocked you all into a coma. Luckily, everything worked out in the end. Zoros even let us keep our Morphers.


Timmy: What have you been doing all this time?


Cambry: Rolling


Brian: That’s great.


Narrator: Larry pulls out his phone and turns on the Just Dance App, which is available for free on iOS and android.


Timmy: Can I play?


Larry: No!


Narrator: cliche plot twist time! Due to Cambry not paying his soggyroll subscription in time, the anime gods awaken the hitman, who shoots a laser from the sky and dies again. The laser then hits Larry, who then is succed into his offbrand phone.


Timmy: why do these plot twists keep happening?


Brian: it's okay, Clichenies in there anyways!


Timmy: since when?


Brian: Hey narrator, teleport Clichenie inside the phone


Narrator: clichenie is now inside the phone. 


Timmy: how will we enter the phone though?


Brian: just jump in, it works, it just works.


Narrator: the loser lounge jump on the phone, which doesn't warp them inside, yet still keeps the phone uncracked.


Cambry: damage, how will we get in?


Timmy: hey guys I think it's a good time for me to chug one of those fountains


Narrator: Timmy chugs one of the fountains and the loser lounge teleports inside the phone


Cambry: let's roll this moment


Brian: woo!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 10: An emojional adventure