

Narrator: It has been 3 goodfellows since their last adventure. The losers are at the base of a portal. 


Larry: Woah woah woah. Backpedal. You mean to tell me there's an actual multiverse? Like outside of the bootleg and baljeet etc?. 


Clichenie: Alright sit down. Class is in session. 


Timmy: We graduated forever ago. 


All: Shut up Timmy. 


Clichenie: ok, here's how it works (pulls out the whiteboard). We are in one universe. There are an infinite number of universes with an infinite number of universes, those dimensions we always go to are tied to our universe. Every parallel universe has a bootleg and baljeet etc. dimension. These universes account for every possible choice in existence. There's a universe right now where in the middle of this sentence I kill all of you.


Larry: Cool, so why didn't you go find some better versions of us to help. I mean we’re alright but....


Clichenie: Thank you Larry for my next point. I can't just type in “find a universe where hitman is bald” and then go there. It's mostly luck based. But once you've been to a reality you can mark it so you can return. That's what I do at least. 


Brian: So basically we can't just say Larry from the swag dimension shows up cause plot. 


Timmy: Enough of the explanation. Tell us whats wrong in the multiverse.


Clichenie: Thats kinda dumb that requires more explanation but ok. Lambo as you know has been in prison after the events of Cambry’s world or whatever you wanna call it. Well not anymore. He escaped. 


Larry: So you're saying hes looking for the winners from different realities?


Clichenie: Way to steal my thunder but yes. But that's not all folks. I received word from the time police that he has also been spotted at different points in the past. 


Cambry: DOUBLE WHAMMY!


Narrator: All of the sudden Clichenie’s turban starts flashing red and making siren sounds. 


Clichenie: Oh no this is bad. There's two disturbances, one time and one reality. We gotta split up. Me, Timmy, Brian. We go through space. Larry and Cambry, you got time duty. 


Cambry: It's about time. 


Larry: I hate this already. I mean let's roll!


Narrator: They split up, Cambry and Larry head to the time period the disturbance is coming from, THE GAMES. They see Timmy in his first form preparing to end them all. 


Timmy: I hope you have seen Dragon Ball before. This is what I call a Spicy Zest. Its powerful but lacks in some areas.


Narrator: They see on the top of a far away hill Lambo, aiming a sniper directly at Timmy’s head. He pulls the trigger but cambry is able to zoom into the bullets path first. Larry jumps off of Cambry’s hood and lands in front of Lambo.


Lambo: Hello Larry. Do tell, why aren't you using your heckabyte?


Larry: (takes a fighting stance) You don't gotta rub it in. 


Lambo: You should know before doing this, I know car fu. 


Larry: Thats nothing. I had Cambry feeding duty which trumps whatever you just said. 


Narrator: They begin to battle in hand to hand combat. Lambo sweeps Larry’s leg and holds the gun to his head. 


Larry: i concede. 


Lambo: Wise of you. Except for one thing, I have no more bullets. Hahahaha. 


Narrator: He teleports away to another segment in time. Cambry regroups with him.


Cambry: Give me a second to catch my car breath. Then I’ll track him to wherever he went.


Larry: That was embarrassing. Alright let's watch this fight i'm pretty sure i was knocked out last time. 


Narrator: they see Timmy in all of his unholy magnificence completely decimate the winners.


Larry: Wow, so this is the power that almost split the universe in half.


Cambry: Timmy’s really shiny. Oh I got a ping.


Larry: You know what to say…


Cambry: Let's roll.


Narrator: They roll to a different area in time. Meanwhile, Brian, Timmy, and Clichenie are in a parallel reality. They land in a bustling metropolis. On the sign reads Ballen City. 


Brian: What the hell?


Clichenie: Reality 52-B. I guess in this reality Larry is important or something. 


Narrator: Out of nowhere several heckabyte androids surround them. 


Heckabyte: Please come with us. 


Brian: Oh yeah?


Narrator: he reaches out for a shank that will not come. 


Brian: Shoot.


Narrator: These androids carry them to the top of a skyscraper called Ballen Tower. They see Larry in a fresh suit.


Ballen: Do you have your government issued Ballen Tags?


Timmy: larry what the hell is all this?


Ballen: Who are you to call me Larry?! Wait, Timmy? Brian? CLICHENIE?! GUYS!!!


Narrator: He loses his composure and breaks down in front of them. He gives them all a large hug while bawling his eyes out.


Ballen: I thought I lost you guys. 


Brian: What do you mean?


Ballen: Well you tell me. After PE’s fight you guys all died. Or at least so I thought. 


Narrator: They all look at each other in sadness. They explain to Ballen what is going on.


Ballen: oh. So they really...alright. 


Timmy: Sorry about that Larry. But it seems everything worked out.


Ballen: yeah. I managed to land a blow on PE that ended the whole thing. Afterwards I continued to pursue technology and ended up creating the city you stand in. My androids are top of the line. 


Clichenie: Happy to hear it. But we don't come on good terms. Someone has been causing disturbances in the multiverse. We tracked some activity to this place. Do you know where we can find the winners?


Ballen: oh they are long gone. They showed up shortly after endgame and interrupted my work. I made light work of them. 


Timmy: So you still hop in the suit from time to time? Our Larry got fire powers to better equip himself for fighting. 


Ballen: Ernesto offered but I saw no point. My design was flawless. Forget all that, why do you need to see the winners?


Brian: Our version of Lambo is searching for variants of his friends cause Timmy here disintegrated them all.


Timmy: They were mean. 


Clichenie: If Lambo was not here, then someone else is causing these issues. You said something about purchasing technology. Where would someone do that?


Ballen: Right here. I am the sole supplier of everything in this city. 


Narrator: Ballen checks the order log for anything suspicious. 


Ballen: Huh. That's weird. A no contact order was made for a large quantity of nano metals and ballen brand radio equipment. 


Brian: Is there a name attached to the order?


Ballen: Just the letter H.


Clichenie: Hmm. H. 


Narrator: All of the sudden Clichenie’s turban glows red for a second. 


Clichenie: Another disturbance, we gotta go. 


Ballen: Wait. (pulls out a flashdrive) Take this. I couldn't protect my losers but with this your survival rates will increase. Now get out of here. I got a city to run. 


Narrator: They portal to their next lead. We now see our Larry and Cambry arrive in a different time period. This time they land on a battlefield that is strangely familiar. As they get their bearings lightning strikes near them. They duck for cover and see the winners preparing to face PE. 


Larry: looks like we’re in the endgame now.


Cambry: But you guys did that why are they here?


Larry: I guess we are in an alternate past. The one where the winners did everything. For lambo this is just the past. 


Barry: You’re going down PE. 


Narrator: Without reinforcements the winners are crushing PE. They manage to knock him down. Larry catches a glimpse of Lambo ready to jump in and save his friends. 

Larry: Cambry we gotta do something. It won't affect the flow of time since this is an alternate past. 


Cambry: Those were some big words but ok. 


Narrator: Just before Lambo can meet the gaze of the winners, Larry and Cambry roll in. They quickly shoot PE with a tranq dart before rolling in. Now for those reading, you may be asking, why didn't they do that in regular endgame. The answer is simple. Plot. 


Larry: I’ll take it from here PE. 


Lambo: WHAT ARE YOU DOING LARRY?


Barry: Lambo? Larry? What the hell is going on?


Larry: I can't let you do this. Stealing your friends from the past won't bring them back. 


Lambo: YOU WOULD NEVER UNDERSTAND! 


Larry: I'm sorry. 


Narrator: Larry quickly sets off a shockwave that knocks all the winners unconscious. 

Larry: Come on Lambo. I'm taking you in. 

Cambry: CAMBRY. 


Lambo: I suppose I forfeit. 


Narrator: They handcuff lambo and crush his time travel device. 


Larry: Take us home, Cambry. 


Cambry: Let's roll. 


Narrator: Brian’s team arrives on a desolate planet. The air is still and there is not a single sound. The sky is clouded with ash and dust. 


Timmy: Where the hell are we?


Clichenie: earth.


Narrator: Suddenly a very loud thud is heard. They walk towards an overlook and see beneath them an enormous base of operations. Thousands of soldiers and battleships at the ready. In the center of it all they see a radio tower like structure being built. 


Timmy: Well there's the guy causing all these issues. Wait...BRIAN LOOK.


Brian: Elmer?


Narrator: They look into a window and see Elmer in chains staring at a screen. 


Timmy: Vacation huh. These guys must be super dangerous if they can capture elmer. 


Brian: I can't let elmer just rot in there. I'm gonna go get him. 


Clichenie: Are you insane? There are thousands of guards and cameras. You won't make it past the county line. 


Brian: You keep lookout. Let me know if someone is on my tail.


Narrator: Brian rolls down the hill and begins to enter the base. He somehow manages to sneak past a few guards and safely make it to elmer’s room. He unplugs Elmer from his brainwashing system. 


Elmer: AAAAAA. Huh. Brian? How are you here? Leave. 


Brian: What? 


Elmer: When you get home, destroy Cambry’s time travel device. Keep portals though. 

Brian: I'm so confused. Where are we Elmer?


Elmer: this is the dark dimension. One of the countless worlds where you and the losers fail to beat PE in endgame. But there’s something different about this one. The PE of this world, he’s unbelievable. 


Brian: How so?


Elmer: He didn't stop with this dimension. He has been conquering dimensions for some time now. And I have the feeling we’re coming up. Now leave and don't come back. I'll visit you once I am free. I would grant you back your powers but I don't have the strength at the moment. Prepare. May the plot be with you.  


Narrator: Elmer plugs himself back in as sirens ring. The whole base is one high alert. Timmy sees this and starts to panic. 


Timmy: I can't scream to him...oh god what do I do? 


Clichenie: Don't worry, this is a carnival cliche story. Some random occurrence will occur that will save the day, cause plot. 


Narrator: As if the gods of cod heard them a single bolt of lightning strikes Timmy, momentarily returning his powers. He immediately enters the mindfield. He makes it in and sees Brian laying on the floor in a small pool of blood.


Timmy: Brian? BRIAN!?

DDB: what? WHOS THERE? WHO ARE YOU?


Timmy: Brian?


Narrator: The figure stands up to reveal himself as a different Brian. This one is bruised and beaten with unkept hair. He is shackled to the ground. 


DDB: WHERE AM I? IS THIS ANOTHER PUNISHMENT?


Timmy: Woah relax. Its me Timmy.


DDB: DON'T TRY AND TRICK ME PE. I WATCHED YOU SEVER MY TIMMY’S HEAD IN FRONT OF ME.


Timmy: Oh, so you're the brian of this dimension.


Narrator: DDB is given a second to calm down. He is shaken seeing as this is his first contact since his exile. 


DDB: Sorry about my rage. I have been alone for so long I forgot how to not be. 


Timmy: Where are you? We can come help.


DDB: I am beyond help. Go save your friend while you can. I can feel the lifeforce of his approaching you. 


Timmy: What do I call you?


DDB: You called this the dark dimension? I suppose I am dark dimension brian. Perhaps the damned if you feel so inclined. Quick, he is approaching. May we meet again, Heir of the Gods.


Timmy: how did he...nevermind 


Narrator: As he leaves he motions the slightest charge at DDB. He exits the mind field as brian reaches them. 


Brian: We gotta go now. Clichenie get us out of here.


Clichenie: Right away. 


Narrator: As Clichenie prepares to open the portal home, they see a large vessel enter the atmosphere. At the helm resides a man with an aura more threatening than hell itself. They quickly enter and close the portal. They see Lambo being escorted by the Defenders back to the space prison. 


Larry: Oh hey guys. Whats up?


Narrator: They all get caught up on what’s going on.


Larry: Jesus Christ. This seems like a foe far greater than any we have faced before. 


Cambry: Can we make waffles. 

Clichenie: Well first let's do this.


Narrator: Clichenie takes Cambry’s time travel device and tosses it into a different dimension.


Larry: If its what elmer said to do I trust it. 


Brian: For now let's relax but be on our toes. 


Cambry: I'm making waffles. 


Narrator: They relax for the time being. We now go back to see Dark Dimension Brian floating on his rock once again alone. All of the sudden he feels a slight tingle. He looks to see his arm hair standing on end. 

DDB: STRIKE ME DOWN GODS OF COD.


Narrator: A thunderclap is heard throughout the galaxy. The fearsome PE hears it himself and sends a strike team to examine it. 


DDB: Thank you God Boy. 


Narrator: He begins to float through space until he sees a piece of floating debris that he hangs to. He notices the enforcers of PE are mere minutes away. With little faith and full of fear he clenches the debris. Suddenly he is enveloped in light. He opens his eyes and lands on the battlefield where his fate was decided. All of his friends are already dead. 


PE: Ready to die?


DDB: This isn't how it happened…


Narrator: PE charges at him and DDB gets impaled immediately. He wakes up seconds later, this time a cloaked figure stands before him. 


Cashier: You know, for a man that has led such a cursed life, you have a strange amount of luck.


DDB: Cashier? What's going on?


Cashier: I am here on behalf of the gods. They have taken an interest in you which is something that does not happen often. That device you grabbed was a time machine that was discarded into space. The odds of you getting that device and coming to this exact moment are one in an infinite number of combinations. So, the gods have chosen to bless you. There is a threat that is of utmost importance to us. Your PE. The gods cannot intervene personally but they have instead chosen you as their champion. You shall train here. They have installed a life reset and difficulty increase options. Train until you cannot train anymore. 


Narrator: On the other side of the battlefield PE respawns but this time more menacing. 


DDB: I lost all who I cherished. I watched them all perish before my trembling eyes. I now swear by the grace of the gods I will not falter in this task. I shall right the wrongs written by this heinous man. To this I decree. I swear on my life friends, I will avenge you all. I will devote my life to this task until my technique against that brute is nothing short of perfection. If I fail to reach this goal, then I will do whatever it takes to make sure that no one else perishes under his reign. STRIKE ME DOWN GODS OF COD! (he enters again, and cuts away to a large ship)


Narrator: We see Lambo once again in prison. This time he holds some vials. 


Lambo: My friends. Soon I will resurrect you all. 


Narrator: Once again. The wall on his cell breaks and H emerges. 


H: Now.


Narrator: They are transported to the base of operations. Lambo is given the means to resurrect his crew. 


Lambo: MY BOYS.


Barry: Hey Lambro. MUSCLES.


H: Get to the hallway
 
Narrator: the sound of synchronous footsteps hitting the marble floor fills a long dark hallway. The shadows reveal a multitude of different shapes and sizes.


Aquaman: It must be serious if the boss is summoning all his best units here, huh?


Tarmac: best units? Give me a break? Besides me, who else here is worthy of being a “best unit”. I’m looking at you small fry


Jimmy: I got abs! Plus I've learned a bunch from being around the winners. 


Tarmac: Look, that's touching and all, but all you losers lost to a single guy, much less, my enemy, Timmy. That’s embarrassing


Jimmy: you think you can take on Timmy? Give me a break


Tarmac: Have you seen what I'm capable of shrimp?


Aquaman: chill out people, we’re almost at the headquarters


Jimmy: How are you even here Aquaman? Aren’t you regular Hitman’s boy?


Aquaman: I told him I was going out for lunch. He won't notice. 


H: Who invited you?


Aquaman: I received the invite in the mail.


Tarmac: SILENCE. The doors are opening. 


Narrator: They walk into a grand room with a throne in the center. They see the man himself, PE, resting in the throne. They all instinctively bow to him. 


WB: At ease. It is not often I grace you all with my presence, but the matter is important. I have chosen my next dimension to conquer. You group before me shall execute my will.


Aquaman: What is this I thought I was just going to get a time-share?


WB: Who. are. You.


Aquaman: Aquaman, the cybernetic enhanced king of atlantis. 


H: He’s with me, master.


WB: hmm, I didn’t invite you, but... I suppose I can make use of you. Is he your master?


Aquaman: He is not my master. I have no master. The person I respect is a different version of the person here in this room.


WB: I believe what you meant to say is that the person in here is a better version of your master. One who is far more sinister and powerful than that gutless fool.


Narrator: Aquaman is struck down heavily. He writhes in pain for a few moments but then returns to his feet. 


WB: Excellent, take him. 


Narrator: H puts a chip onto Aquaman, putting them under their control but keeping his douchebag personality.


Aquaman: Apologies my lord, continue. 


WB: Do not tell me what to do. 


Narrator: Aquaman is suddenly knocked out. 


WB: H, correct this mistake. You have the full use of the lab. 


Tarmac: (nervous) Uh, sir, uh, can i ask you a question.


WB: (laughs) at ease soldier. I’m not actually this tense to my soldiers, I’m just trying to shape that newbie up. Ask away


Tarmac: why are you trying to conquer this dimension specifically. I mean, you said you decided. Don’t you usually conquer any dimension you come across indiscriminately.
 
WB: Why yes, usually I do. However, I have reason to believe that this dimension will be the greatest challenge yet. Of course, that is no reason to panic, its by comparison. We basically face no opposition. However, I have 2 reasons to conquer this one specifically. One, I have reason to believe that in this dimension lies a descendant of the planets of a specific type of genie, conveniently called planet Cligenie.


H: Sir, sorry to interrupt, but a genie? Don’t you usually decline any offers of magic now that you are basically the most powerful being in existence. 


WB: Yes, that’s right. While I may have strayed away from any offers outside of pure power ever since I made that deal, the descendants of planet cligenie can provide an almost indispensable amount of power at almost no cost. By utilizing them, I could achieve even greater power than the power I possess now


Tarmac: that sounds great, whats the other reason?


WB: (turns away from them, sweating but still talking calmly) I don’t know how it happened but he escaped.


H: who escaped?


WB: The last remaining survivor of one dimension that I had conquered, the first I conquered, as a matter of fact.


Tarmac: how is he alive?

WB: I left him barely alive to float in space. Before I left I made sure to put a tracker on him. I knew he wouldn’t survive floating in space and wouldn’t have enough strength to escape, but I put the tracker on anyway.


Jimmy: and what's up with the tracker.


WB: Coincidentally the tracker went offline as a loud thunderclap went off far in deep space not too long ago.


Tarmac: Uh, boss, why are you talking so much about this one guy. You’re not scared of him are you? You can definitely take him all, I mean you are the….


Narrator: WB grabs Tarmac by the neck; tarmac is barely able to breathe


WB: Let’s get one thing clear. I am not scared of him. No one scares me. If you ever doubt my abilities again I will wipe you from the face of the universe. Have I made myself clear? 


Narrator: Tarmac nods his head and is dropped onto the floor.


WB: That is all. You know, I’ve realized that we won’t need any future meetings. I doubt I’ll need you guys, as I’m sure this dimension will be just as easy to conquer as the last ones. This may be the last time I grace you all with my appearance. You all are dismissed


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 91: Welcome to the Up Over