


Narrator: It has been salt and peppered kangaroos since their last adventure. The losers are playing wii sports when the doorbell rings. Brian goes to answer. 


Brian: uh, guys?


Larry: Whats up?


Brian: I'm getting kidnapped.


Narrator: They look at the door and see a Kangaroo with brian in its pouch lock eyes with them. It then gallops away. 

Cambry: HOLY CRAP IT HAPPENED. LARRY I ALWAYS TOLD YOU THIS WOULD HAPPEN. DO YOU HAVE THE KANGAROO KIT?


Larry: no cambry I didn't think that would come in handy since our most common foe is a hitman.


Timmy: Ok Cambry let's get going. I don't wanna miss the new episode of cheers. 


Larry: Where? 


Timmy: Come on Larry. You know where.


Cambry: LET'S ROLL. TO THE UP OVER. 

Narrator: They fly north to the continent referred to only as the up over. The land at what appears to be a 7/11 but its upside down. They crawl in? I don't know how it works. 


Cashier: Welcome to the up over! What can I do for you wankers?


Timmy: Hey cashier, a kangaroo kidnapped Brian, any idea where they are?


Cashier: The legend goes that only walkin in the in front for an unspecified amount of time leads you to Kangaroo town. But you need a car. 

Cambry: i'm cars.


Cashier: Not here Cambry. Take this solidsoline. 

Larry: Is this whole place just opposite day? 


Cashier: imagine opposite day, except instead of any other country on the planet, everything is just the opposite of ideal and the language makes no sense.


Brian: I see


Cashier: Oi, you bluffin vegimite? I’ll kangaroo your mouth hinges ya bloody wanka?


Brian: I no longer remember anything you said


Cambry: (gulpin it down) Why is it called solidsoline? It’s still a liquid and looks like normal gas


Narrator: upon chugging the solidsoline, Cambry immediately goes into car-diac arrest, with emphasis on the car. Everyone groans at that joke.


Larry: cashier what the hell did you feed him?!


Cashier: He’ll be alright mate, it takes a bit for the locals to get used to it


Narrator: Cambry springs up with the energy of some amount of gigavolts


Cambry: LETS ROLL


Narrator: Cambry revs his engine and heads towards the entrance but when he steps on it he immediately darts backwards.


Cambry: what the


Cashier: yep, thats solidsoline for you. Along the way you’ll find… other side effects.


Timmy: So how are we gonna find brian? What was that about an in front


Cashier: A deserted land filled with the stuff of nightmares


Larry: so pretty much just outback steakhouse


Cashier: more or less. In fact, just go to our equivalent of those, they got australian compasses over there


Larry: what’s your equivalent of outback steakhouse


Cashier: In front vegi-shed


Timmy: whats an australian compass?


Cashier: it’s like a compass, but instead of telling your cardinal directions, its just a gps to the nearest kangaroo


Timmy: 1, thats not a compass, 2, how is that possible?


Cashier: Australia is a magical place. Not a good place by any means, just a magical one.


Larry: alright, where can we find an in front vegi-shed


Cashier: trust me, you’ll know it when you see it.


Brian: cool, lets get goin


Cashier: wait, do you wankas want anything before you go? Scorpion venom slushy? Spider chunk chocolate bars? Australian bathroom. Actually, on 2nd thought, you don’t even want to know what those are like.


Cambry: you bruvs didnt see, but i hit the australian bathrooms before any of this transpired. I will never be the same car


Timmy: sounds about cam… wait did you say bruv


Cambry: lets roll mate


Narrator: They gently cruise down the empty street towards their destination.


Larry: You know, I can't remember the last time something cliche happen…


Narrator: All of the sudden Timmy coughs up a bird.


Larry: Nevermind.


Cambry: I smell reverse steak. I think we are here. 


Narrator: They step out of Cambry and gaze upon the unholy disaster that is the in front vegi shed. The building is entirely upside down and backwards. The walls are ceilings and vice versa. Just imagine if everything was wrong and then you're there. They crawl inside and find Buddha in a Jar playing vegemite pong with several weary outback workers. 


BJ: oh hey guys. Long time no see. 


Larry: BJ! Nice to see a familiar face in this terrifying place.


Cambry: who are these guys?


BJ: Oh they can't hear you. Whenever an outback worker gets fired they come here. They haven't felt anything in ages. The plus side is they suck at vegimite pong. 


Timmy: How about the most obvious question. WHY ARE YOU HERE BJ?


BJ: Oh Clichenie and I are strengthening our spiritual powers to prepare for any unexpected threats. 


Narrator: A portal opens and a scary bug thing comes out. 


BJ: See? These guys come like twice a day. 


Narrator: He looks at the bug really hard and it shrivels up.


Larry: I really hate this place. Whatever BJ, do you have any Australian compasses?


BJ: As a matter of fact I do. This is the latest and greatest Australian compass.  (hands them the compass) Only natives can read it. 


Larry: Dammit its just a blank glass circle thing now. 


Cambry: I can read it. 


Both: What?


Cambry: yeah i can read it. North, south, weast. Its all there. 


Larry: Cambry is your dad from the up over?


Cambry: Oh that's what he was saying all that time. I thought he was just telling me he likes his eggs over easy. 


Timmy: I guess that explains why you have adapted to this area so well. Alright thanks BJ we better get going. Brian got kidnapped by kangaroos and….


BJ: WHAT?! 


Timmy: yeah he got kidnapped by a kangaroo.


BJ: I THOUGHT YOU WERE SIGHTSEEING. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT KANGAROO KIDNAP VICTIMS GO THROUGH?


Larry: I imagine he’s just hopping around in a pouch. 


BJ: Kangaroos are much more sinister than we realize. (pulls out a whiteboard). In ancient times kangaroos were martial arts masters. Clichenie and I studied much from them in our formative years. In return we taught them some of the mystic arts. That was our mistake. They learned how to transform people into kangaroos. BRIAN IS GOING TO TURN INTO A KANGAROO.


Larry: What the actual hell is going on in this place?


BJ: I can stop the ceremony but we have to hurry. If Jack is there…


Timmy: Wait who is jack?


BJ: Kangaroo Jack. The kangaroo from that movie. 


Cambry: I've heard stories about him. After his movie fell through he exiled himself from the rest of the world. 


Larry: Yeah I heard that too.


Timmy: WHY THE HELL ARE YOU ALL JUST ACCEPTING KANGAROO JACK IS A REAL PERSON?!


Larry: Its just a fact Timmy. You gotta read more man I'm worried for you. 


Timmy: Whatever. Cambry do the thing. 


Cambry: Let's roll.


Narrator: They follow the compass for six reverse days so like 18 minutes. They arrive in front of an enormous armadillo shell. 


BJ: They’re in there. 


Larry: Ok. None of us have powers besides BJ. I know some Ernesto fu and Timmy has a shank. Let's do this.


Narrator: Cambry slowly rolls into the shell. It is pitch black. They travel a good distance then hear faint drums. 


Timmy: Do they have a percussion group in kangaroo society?


Narrator: The drums get louder. They are now accompanied by guttural screams. All of the sudden a torch lights up the cave. The losers are entirely surrounded by kangaroos. The drums were the sounds of their feet hitting the ground. 


Cambry: They won't attack a native. 


Larry: How do you know?


Cambry: I DON'T LET'S GO. 


Narrator: He zooms off plowing through at least 3 dozen kangaroos. The entire horde begins chasing after them.


BJ: You guys do this how often?


Timmy: I got this. Larry, give me your phone. 


Larry: Ok. 


Narrator: Timmy licks the outlet electrocuting himself. He then sends out an almost non-existent shockwave of lightning that takes out 2 kangaroos. 


Timmy: This is why I tell you to charge your phone Larry!


Larry: My bad my bad. 


Narrator: All of the sudden Cambry stops. 


BJ: Keep going, Cambry!


Cambry: I can't….


All: WHY NOT?

Narrator: On the hood of the car stands kangaroo jack. He is wearing his signature shades but is missing several kanga teeth. 


KJ: What is up?


Narrator: He kicks them all, knocking them all out. They regain consciousness over a vat of boiling vegemite. 


KJ: Rise and shine sleepy heads. Well isn't this a treat. The losers are all here. The god of gods, commander dress up, and the vessel of legend. 


Larry: Man why do they get cool names?


BJ: Hello master. What has it been? A few hundred years?


KJ: Hello BJ. I really owe you. Because of you and your brother my kangaroo clan has tripled in size since then. 


Timmy: Where is Brian?


KJ: oh you mean KANGABRIAN?!


Narrator: A spotlight shines on a kangaroo wearing what looks like a brian wig. He looks super sad.


Larry: NOOOOOOO! 


BJ: We were too late... 


KJ: Indeed you were BJ. I bet you are wondering what my evil plan is, aren't you?


Cambry: Is he gonna tell us or…


KJ: You see, being the only talking kangaroo with such power is lonesome. My followers are faithful but alas, they are just simple kangaroos. So to bypass this, I studied the art of evolution. I can evolve a kangaroo to speak like me! But I can only do one every 2 and a half years. So I shall use this power on Brian. Once he is able to speak he will be a full kangaroo and NEVER be able to return. Also, who wouldn't want a lightning kangaroo friend?


Larry: You monster. This is why your acting career was such a JOKE!


Narrator: The word joke echoes through the cave. KJ turns around and his eyes light up in a blind fury. 


KJ: I WAS IN THE MOST SUCCESSFUL FILM OF THE EARLY 2000S YOU JUDGEMENTAL CRITIC!!!


Narrator: KJ kicks Larry clean in the chest. Larry coughs up blood like they do in anime.


Larry: Damn. When Ernesto said other martial artists were tough he wasn't lying. 


KJ: you were bold to assume you could stand a chance against my kangaroo fu. Now, commence the ceremony. 


Narrator: The losers struggle and scream as the ceremony commences. KJ recites a bunch of kangaroo latin and his hands begin to glow. 


KJ: With this, I give you sentience. 


Narrator: He thrusts his hands forward and the entire room goes white. The flashbang subsides and Kangaroo Jack looks around for Brian. He sees him on the ground. 


KJ: Wake up brother. We have a world to burn. 


Brian: (kangaroo noises)


KJ: What? But how?


Cambry: I'll tell you how. 


Narrator: KJ looks up to see that Cambry in the spot Brian was, holding a kangaroo in front of him like a shield.


Cambry: This is MY TOWN. 


Narrator: The kangaroo Cambry was holding drops to the floor but is conscious.


KJ: DAMN YOU CAMBRY. I'M GONNA. I'M GONNA.


Timmy: You're not gonna do anything. 


KJ: Why is that?


Larry: Turn around. 


Narrator: KJ turns around and sees his entire kangacrew has turned against him. A stampede occurs and kangaroo jack is left on the ground in a world of pain. The sound of feet pounding the earth stops as one kangaroo stands on top of Jack. 


KJ: Help me brother. Take me to the infirmaroo. 


Kangaroo: Your reign is over. 


KJ: WHAT? You can talk.


Kangaroo: Cambry put me in front of the beam. I'll take it from here. And besides, why would you want help from “simple kangaroos?”


Narrator: The kangaroo punts KJ into the sky, far away from them. The rest of the kangaroos celebrate but the losers remain sad.


Larry: Brian won't come back now…


Kangaroo: Fear not Larry, there is a way. 


Timmy: What is it?


Kangaroo: This spell was invented by Kangaroo Jack. So the way to reverse it was also created by him. You aren't going to like it. 


Cambry: What is it?


Kangaroo: We have to watch the Kangaroo Jack movie to completion with commentary. 


Larry: NOOOOOOO


Narrator: What feels like an eternity passes and Brian is returned to normal. 


Brian: Can Cambry check the door next time? Being a kangaroo is not that much fun. 

Kangaroo: My people owe you a great deal Larry. 


Larry: Well hey it was a team effort. 

Kangaroo: If you ever wish to learn kangaroo fu, you will be welcomed with open arms. 


Larry: Thanks but I don't know if I plan to come back to this awful country. 


Kangaroo: Well the offer always stands. 


BJ: I'll teleport you guys out of here. I'm gonna stay and coexist with these kangaroos. They may be able to teach me something. And vice versa. 


Larry: Thanks BJ, see you later. 


Narrator: They teleport home.


BJ: The next time we meet will not be so cheery I'm afraid.


Narrator: They make it home safe and sound. On the couch however is a weird looking dude. Timmy pulls out his shank and aims it at the intruder’s throat. 


Richard: Jeez sport. You never did have a soft spot for dear ol dad. 


Cambry: What the hell dad I'm right here. 


Richard: Sorry kiddo my eyes aren't what they used to be. 


Larry: Whats up uncle rich?


Richard: Oh, thats right. The reason I'm here...uh.... Oh yeah. Tommy has fallen deathly i'll and has only a few days to live. 


All: WHAT?!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 92: Cambo’s Wacky Voyage