

Narrator: It has been twelve and a half vegemite jars since their last adventure. The losers have just been informed that Tommy is in trouble. 


Timmy: What do you mean my son is in critical condition. He is almost probably the strongest being in this galaxy. 


Richard: Alright I will make this quick. You are all aware of Timmy’s God power.


Larry: Aware? Last time he used it he almost blew a hole through the multiverse. 


Richard: Precisely. A power only to be accessed by the TTT clan, descendants of the gods of cod. Tommy also has access to this power as you know. 


Brian: Enough exposition. Get to the point


Richard: Alright. No sugar coating it. Drink these potions. 


Narrator: Richard pulls out potions for each of the losers. They all drink them including Cambry. 


Larry: I don't feel any different. 


Richard: Just watch. GREEN KERMIT!


Narrator: A small puppet of Kermit the frog emerges from Richard's hands, attached to them by puppet strings. 


Richard: This is called a friendo. Its a manifestation of your soul or something. You either inherit or obtain a friendo. The potion I gave you was a temporary friendo enhancer. You will have these powers for around as long as it takes to fix Tommy. 


Larry: What the actual hell? This is insane. How do they work?


Richard: Well once it comes out once you name it and then you can control it easier. The first time must arise from adrenaline though. 


Brian: Larry watch out its LUIGI.


Larry: WHAT WHERE?


Narrator: A very muscular and flaming body with a chicken sandwich as a head emerges from Larry’s back. 


Larry: Holy hell. I mean I guess it makes sense since fire. I shall name you. BABA HOT CHICKEN


Richard: We don't have time for all of you to scare each other. Let's get going. 


Timmy: Ok. just one thing. WHERE ARE WE GOING?


Richard: Jeez Timbo. Its kinda hard to establish a temporary power system and threat on a whim. Ok. There have been reports of a man named TIO taking the powers of others to feed his friendo. Tommy was one of those victims. So, we gotta go beat him. 

Brian: Where is he?


Richard: The up over. 


Larry: God dammit we just left there. 


Richard: But this time you won't be going to the in front. This time, we go to the city. 


Cambry: Alright whatever let's roll. 


Larry: Cambry why do you hate your dad so much?


Cambry: maybe you'll find out in the third act LARRY. 


Narrator: They teleport back to the god forsaken country of the up over.


Larry:  I hate this place. BABA HOT CHICKEN


Narrator: The friendo appears and gives Larry a chicken sandwich. It lets out a chicken sound then disappears.  


Brian: man i want my friendo to come out. 


Larry: Its only a matter of time. 


Richard: CAMBRY STOP. 


Narrator: Cambry slams the breaks as they see Cashier standing in front of them. They all exit the car. 


Cambry: I almost hit you cashier. 


Cashier: NOW I WILL HIT YOU HHAHAHA. 


Narrator: Cashier looks up and reveals an antenna sticking out of his head. 


Cashier: DOUBLE GULP


Narrator: A buff blue body with a slurpie head appears. Larry jumps into action and summons BHC. His flames are instantly extinguished and he is incapacitated. 


Brian: RICHARD USE GREEN KERMIT. 


Richard: The only power it has is being able to sound like kermit! It is worthless!


Narrator: He brings out green kermit and it just says “Kermit the frog here” then leaves. Everyone is knocked out one by one until Timmy and Brian remain. 


Cashier: Who do I take next? The thunder boy or sir shanks a lot. How about BOTH?


Narrator: He fires off two condensed slurpie blasts that are block by two large hands. Timmy’s friendo has appeared to protect Brian and himself. He wears british clothing and has few teeth but many knives. 


Timmy: JACK THE RIPPER. 


Brian: oh i get it cause shanks. 


Narrator: Timmy lobs a shank at the antenna cutting it clear off. Cashier regains consciousness. 


Cashier: oh my lord. That was scary. 


Larry: (waking up) Cashier what the hell just happened. 


Cashier: I don't remember. Last thing I remember was some guy with gorgeous blond hair gave me a potion and put an antenna on my head. 


Timmy: So you remember everything then?


Cashier: I suppose. 


Brian: Do you remember where he lived?


Cashier: Some grand location in town. I can't remember the name. I gotta go back to the store before they shut me down. Thank you come again. 


Narrator: he vanishes. 


Timmy: This is so weird. But I like it. 

Brian: Man, Me and Cambry are the last ones to get friendos


Cambry: yeah, no one wanted to be my friendo after i licked the glue crust off of jennifers hands in 6th grade


Brian: too much information cambo.


Narrator: they enter the city and enter a pub.


Cambry: 3 iced teas, and one pint of black tar motor oil on the house please


Pub dude: (incoherent grumbling)


Timmy: ok this shouldve been asked earlier but where the hell is Tio anyways and what does he even look like


Narrator: Suddenly, announcerboat storms in and interjects himself into the table


Announcerboat: hey bada ba! Put your hands where I can see them!


Narrator: cambry locks himself and shuts off


Timmy: damnit


Announcerboat: im just kidding, bada ba! You guys tryna find Tio and defeat him?


Larry: actually yeah, how do you know about that?


Announcerboat: uh, i dont know. Words out around here that Tio does crazy stuff this time of the month. Also i saw you guys using your friendos so I thought you would be looking for him.


Brian: do you have one as well?


Announcerboat: i do, watch this! (flicks ring at a glass)


Timmy: what the hell did that do?


Announcerboat: sold.


Narrator: the glass jump off the table and shatters


All: oooooooo!


Announcerboat: yep. I call it: Auctioneer 52.


Larry: Alright man, you’re in!


Announcerboat: Alright, they say Tio lives where no kangaroo has ever seen the sky


Timmy: so is this place underground or something


Announcerboat: Nah Tios just a psychopath and has blinded all the kangaroos within a 50 mile radius


Brian: good to know


Larry: hey look theres one of the blind kangaroos I think


Narrator: they look in awe as a kangaroo pokes a stick ahead of itself and then subsequently falls over


Timmy: damn that sucks. Anyways, how can we ask where Tio is?


Narrator: cambry rolls into the kangaroo, bringing it inches away from instant death


Cambry: SHOW US THE PROMISED LAND KANGAROO DANIEL


Larry: Cambry this happened a script ago how did you already forget the antagonists name


Narrator: the kangaroo makes a rattling sound and instantly they are surrounded by 4 dozen blind kangaroo.


Cambry: SHH! They can’t see, so just don’t move


Narrator: the Kangaroos all stack to form what appears to be an eye, and start chasing the losers

Cambry: RUN!


Larry: These guys must be a rival gang to the nice kangaroos


Timmy: WHO CARES?


Narrator: the losers get into cambry, and start rolling. They have a head start, but cambrys rocket fueled engine is no match for the ordinary kangaroos.


Brian: OH MY GOD PLEASE NO!


Narrator: suddenly a lightning looking guy with a face appears and touches one of the kangaroos. They all are shocked by this electricity and blow up into blue gore.


Cambry: why is kangaroo anatomy the opposite of correct


Brian: well I found my friendo. ELECTROZAPPO!


Cambry: Can you make toast for me Brian?


Brian: I am god simple car man. Muahahaha. 


Narrator: Timmy slaps Brian gently in the face.


Brian: Sorry. Here you go Cambry. 


Narrator: he hands Cambry toast.

Larry: God I hate this place. 


Cambry: We’re here.


Timmy: What makes you say that?


Narrator: They look out the window at a glorious mansion. There is a bold golden sign that says TIO’S MANSION. 


Larry: You think he’s compensating for something?


Richard: Alright guys. Let's do this. 


Narrator: They enter the mansion. There are no lights on and they walk into what appears to be an empty ballroom. They see PE standing there. 


Brian: Oh god guys he has the antenna. 


PE: You lot (get it like parking) are no match for my friendo. RED LIGHT GREEN LIGHT. 


Narrator: a small traffic wand appears in his hand. 


Cambry: DGPEUH


Larry: The hell is happening to Cambry?


PE: My friendo Red light green light’s ability is to control any motor vehicle. 


Narrator: Cambry enters a violent fury, drifting into the losers. He successfully attacks all the losers until just Richard remains. 


Richard: Oh boy. Now Cambry darling. I understand you still have a deep hatred for me after what happened. But it doesn't have to be this wa…


Narrator: Cambry growls at Richard


Richard: I'M SORRY. I'm sorry Cambry. 


Larry: What did you even do to make Cambry of all people hate you?


Richard: He resents me because...I hid my true form. 


Narrator: Richard takes off his mustache and turns into a car, just like cambry but older. 


Richard: I'm sorry I didn't outright tell you. I didn't know how to get around to it. I'm also sorry I forgot about second lunch one time. 


Timmy: What the hell? But Clichenie turned Cambry into a car I thought?


Richard: True, but the gene was always there. Call it plot if you will. The point is. I'm sorry cambry. But I'm willing to accept my true form if you are willing to forgive me. 


Narrator: Cambry begins to let out a wailing cry. He breaks free of PE’s control and hugs his dad? I don't know how to describe two cars embracing each other. 


Cambry: So mom just had a really strong human gene?


Richard: don't read into it cambo. 


PE: Get back here slave!


Narrator: Timmy throws a knife at the antenna and PE just sighs and walks away. 


PE: He's in there. Good luck. 


Narrator: They all regain their composure and prepare for the final battle. The enter the room and see a man standing in the most uncomfortable pose ever. 


TIO: You managed to make it to me. Well done. 


Larry: BABA HOT OIL


Narrator: A swirl of piping hot gross oil is squirted at TIO, which suddenly vanishes as it is just about to hit him


Larry: what?


Brian: ELECTROZAPPO!


Narrator: similarly, a wave of electricity it sent in TIO’s direction but vanishes completely


Richard: oh my god! Why aren’t our attacks landing


TIO: you haven’t figured it out yet? Well I’ve give you time in the future to ponder that. (pauses) nobody? Whatever, later losers


Narrator: TIO escapes through a window


Richard: GREEN KERMIT GRAB HIM


Narrator: miraculously, green Kermit actually does something and manages to grabt TIO  TIME. TIO turns around and Kermit does nothing


TIO: say something funny or I’ll kill you


Kermit: zippidy do da?


TIO: eh it’ll do (snaps Kermit off arm)


Richard: hory mother of cod!


Cambry: after him


Narrator: after a not so exciting chase scene, the losers come to a stop and see TIO on top of a grandfather clock


Larry: you sit right there TIO, as soon as we find the secret to your friendo well wipe you from the face of the earth


TIO: ok what’s the secret?


Cambry: we haven’t figured it out yet


TIO: Come on, I've given you guys so many clues?


Richard: now's the not the time for mind games! GREEN KERMIT


Narrator: green Kermit starts barreling towards TIO, who is completely still, and then suddenly he is gone, and Kermit is no where to be found. Richard is standing in shock, unable to speak a word


Cambry: Richard what’s wrong. Richard? DAD


Narrator: Richard collapses, but uses the last of his strength to make Kermit do one last thing. In a very silly Kermit voice, he says


Kermit: he can stop time guys


TIO: took you guys long enough, I mean come on, “you’ll find out in the future”, right now I’m standing on a grandfather clock, etc


Timmy: shut it! We can’t forgive you for killing Richard! JACK ZA RIPPA


Narrator: at least 52 shanks are thrown at subsonic speeds towards TIO


TIO: (chuckles) BACK TO ZA FUTURE! (Time stop sound effect)


Narrator: TIO rearranged every single knife to point it towards Timmy and then resumes time. Jack the Ripper is able to stop about 15% of them, And timmy is sent away


Larry: what the, how are we gonna counter time stopping?


Brian: I don’t know man. ELECTROZAPPO! FIFTEEN KILLA ZAPS!


Narrator: TIO merely punches away the electricity in Larry and Cambry direction.


Cambry: Larry quick get inside!


Narrator: Larry does so, but Brian is still on the side. The electricity hits Cambry with minimal effect. Brian unleashes an attack fifteen times more powerful than the last


TIO: this may require more than punch. BACK TO ZA FUTURE!


Narrator: TIO flies over to Cambry and larrys direction and attempts to push them into The path of Brian’s electricity. TIO grabs Cambry bumper and is ready to push when


Cambry: what are you doing


Larry: you don’t grab another mans bumper dude.


TIO: what, how are you...?


Larry: why is Brian frozen? Come to think of it...


Narrator: tio attempts to move Brian but his time expires whilst doing so and the electricity goes nowhere


TIO: zip it


Brian: wait why am I in different place but you and Cambo aren’t 


Brian and Larry: (gasp) cambo is immune to time stop?


TIO: you’re telling me you guys can make that Thompson files level of deduction but you couldn’t figure out my friendo earlier


Brian: i mean it’s either Larry or cambo and Cambry is pretty much the only car in the universe with time travel abilities, it’s not that hard to believe


Narrator: in the span of 2 seconds because funny anime pacing TIO narrates


TIO: hmm, how can I get Cambry and Larry separated. I need to devise a way to get those 2 regular guys away from the literal time machine. With him by himself he is powerless due to his, lets call it, “mechanical deficiencies”. Actually on second thought we’ll just call it crippling dumb. Yeah, yeah, thats good. Oh, yeah the plan. Oh, i know, if I hit Cambry enough Larry will be forced to eject to not sustain injury.


Cambry:(to himself) This guy is no joke. I wonder if there is even a way to beat him. Even with me being immune to the time stop. God I could go for a chicken wing.


Larry: You know you both are talking out loud right? Also its been like three minutes. 


TIO: You fools have yet to see my friendos ultimate power. The reason I have stolen powers from countless foes. ZA FUTURE STOP TIME


Narrator: The world once again stands still. This time however TIO removed Cambry’s tires. Time resumes. 


Cambry: Ow my round feet! Larry I got spares in the trunk. You gotta grab em. 


Larry: i'm on it. BHC.


Narrator: Larry flies out of Cambry towards the trunk. TIO just happens to have sped over there. They exchange a barrage of blows.


Larry: ORDA ORDA ORDA ORDA


TIO: TIO TIO TIO TIO TIO


Cambry: Does his friendo just say his name over and over again?


Narrator: Tio lands a powerful blow and Larry is knocked to the floor. When all hope seems lost, Cambry starts rolling again. Brian is seen in the drivers seat. 


Brian: forget about me? 


Narrator: Cambry charges at TIO at incredible speeds and crashes straight into his shoulder. At the very last second it looks as if a large fist appeared out of cambry.


Cambry: ROLA


Narrator: TIO is knocked to the floor. The rest of the losers minus Richard including Timmy now stand above him. 


TIO: I suppose I have lost. 


Larry: Now let's unmask this guy. 

Brian: Wait, is this a dooby scoo script? I'm confused. 


Narrator: Larry grabs the glorious blond hair off of to reveal TIO as none other than…


All: TERRY?


Timmy: DAD?!


Terry: Heya Timbo. Long time no see. 


Larry: What the actual hell is going on?


Terry: Alright I'll tell ya. I got a bucket of friendo potion from some guy. Once I drank it I was able to mass produce CD’s. It was glorious Timmy. I had so many CD’s Timmy. Countless. But I noticed that they required a fuel source to be produced. So I started harvesting power from others. All for those CD’s. Those sweet sweet CD’s. 


Cambry: ENOUGH ABOUT THE CD’s. So you mean to say that your friendo has the power to make CD’s AND stop time?


Terry: yes. 

Cambry: YOU KILLED MY FATHER FOR CD’s?!


Terry: And I would do it again. Those CD’s were wonderful. 


Larry: I'm gonna regret this but what was on them?


Terry: The movie holes. God I love the movie holes. Its my favorite movie. Timmy knows. Timmy you remember how much I like holes? God i love that movie. 


Brian: Alright thats enough. Timmy I'm sorry but your dad is literally insane.


Timmy: I already called the defenders to take him to space prison. But theres one more thing we need to do. 

Larry: What’s that?


Timmy: Well we haven't truly defeated Terry yet. He still has the powers of my son and countless others. Theres only one solution. 


Narrator: They all smile and look at Terry.


Larry: ORDA ORDA ORDA ORDA


Brian: ZAPPA ZAPPA ZAPPA 


Timmy: RIPPA RIPPA RIPPA RIPPA


Announcerboat: BADA BADA BADA BADA


Cambry: In the end, you only lost for one reason, because you suck.


Larry: What the hell you're still here announcer?


Announcerboat: Yeah, i got lost somewhere but it doesn't matter because plot always finds a way. 


Terry: All of my bones have turned to putty.


Tommy: Thats good. You deserve it gramps. 


Narrator: The defenders of the cosmos arrive at the scene. 


Terry: Tommy boy? You look so awesome. r


Tommy: Wish I could say the same to you. We’ll take it from here dad. 


Timmy: Ok kiddo. 


Larry: Can we please go home now I hate this country. 


Brian: Wait look!


Narrator: They stare at richards car body until they see green kermit return to him. His headlights turn on. 


Cambry: DAD!


Narrator: They share a heartfelt reunion. 


Richard: He only took my power so once you beat him I came back. Lucky me haha. 


Cambry: I'm sorry I treated you so poorly over the years. But don't expect me to come home. 


Richard: oh i don't bud. I don't.


Narrator: They all laugh and head off to their respective areas. The losers arrive back home. 


Richard: The potions should wear off shortly. But I'll leave an extra couple doses with cambry just in case. Alright I'll be off. 


Larry: Thank you for your help richard. 


Richard: no sweat. 


Narrator: He disappears somehow. 


Larry: Interesting. Well I suppose we should head back as well


Narrator: they mysteriously disappear back home. 13 seconds pass before a shrieking alarm sound goes off of cambry. Cambry picks up


Elmer: Guys, it is time that you rescue me. The fate of this dimension as we know it lies in your hands


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 93: Elmer’s in trouble 2