

Narrator: it has been several critical engrish fails since their last bizarre adventure.


Timmy: what? Didn’t you tell us not to come to you and that you would find us when the time came


Elmer: desperate times call for desperate measures. I will give you my coordinates momentarily but I must tell you that you may not have the assistance of your powers


Larry: you can’t quickly give them to us when we meet up?


Elmer: no. There won’t be enough time in the most likely circumstance


Timmy: (whispering) should we stop to consider that this may not be the real Elmer. I mean he would be able to get out of a situation like this right? Something about this doesn’t seem right 


Larry: you may be right Timmy, but it doesn’t hurt to check, we’re not doing anything 


Timmy: yeah it can, powers, remember


Brian: cheer up Timmy, watch this. ELECTROZAPPO! 


Narrator: nothing happens and Brian looks like a fool


Brian: yeah if we run into even the smallest of threats we’re toast 


Cambry: YEAH TOAST


Elmer: you guys done?


Larry: oops sorry kinda forgot you were here


Elmer: ok here are my coordinates if you have any issues don’t contact me ok bye (disconnects)


Brian: wait what


Larry: yeah that was bizarre (looks at audience)


Timmy: daring today aren’t we


Cambry: let’s roll 


Narrator: they roll for 5 minutes before thinking


Timmy: wait a minute when we last visited the Elmer he was chained up in some room on some weird space station right? He saw us find him on our own, so if he hasn’t moved why did we need the coordinates


Larry: maybe Cambry can’t remember


Cambry: don’t worry guys I leave a datapoint at every landmark we’ve been to


Brian: that sounds awfully convenient 


Cambry: yeah but it probably isn’t for the reason you think


Narrator: Cambry pulls up a large map to show a couple points


Timmy: drakes donut sandwich shop? Right next to where the Grand Canyon is? Ok this is starting to make a lot more sense


Larry: doesn’t matter, you have one where that station is right? Just compare to the 2 and see if anything has changed since then


Cambry: let’s see, the battle station houses… brocks dig bopper taco shack. The coordinates are approximately, 52, -25, 0. I don’t know how coordinates work


Timmy: either way, they are different from the ones Elmer gave us, by a large margin. Hey Cambry pull up those coordinates


Cambry: got it? Huh interesting. there’s a preset name for this area. It’s called the void


Timmy: what the hell?


Brian: Probably because it was in the dark dimension. 


Larry: The what?


Brian: Oh yeah, while you chased Lambo through time. We found this station in a different dimension. Probably why its called the void. 


Cambry: Well let's stop talkin and do some rolling. 


Narrator: They portal to the coordinates of the void. Ironically they see a sign on the base labeled THE VOID. Pretty cool


Larry: Jeez. Glad I got to go back to the games. This place is weird. 


Timmy: Thats strange. Before there were platoons of guards and soldiers. Its dead silent now. 


Narrator: An actual tumbleweed appears on this desolate earth. All of the sudden they hear a shrill scream. They rush onto the base in a heroic fashion and face no opposition. 


Elmer: STOP NO. 


Narrator: Cambry bust down the door and they see Elmer with a gun to his neck. The room is surrounded by soldiers. 


Elmer: I told you to stop. 


Narrator: The losers are all knocked out with ease without being touched. They all wake up in chains in another room. Elmer is also there. 


Larry: Elmer we’re here to save you. Whats going on?


Elmer: you fools. I appreciate the gesture but they MADE me send that distress call. 


Timmy: And we fell for it like idiots. Great. 


Cambry: Who the hell is that?


Narrator: Into the room walks a robotic figure holding a trident. He has incredibly enhanced mechanical limbs and armor. 


Aquaman: Hello children. 


Larry: What the hell? Aquaman you're behind all this?


Aquaman: oh no no no Larry. I am nobody. He above all is in charge. 


Cambry: So jesus?


Aquaman: No you fool. Nevermind. My supervisor instructed me to lure you here since you guys would cause the most issues with our current plan. 


Brian: I should have fried you when I had the chance. 


Aquaman: Oh brian. When will you learn? YOU CAN'T BEAT ME. HAHAHAAHA. With these new upgrades I am unstoppable and HitmanMaid will have no choice but to marry me. 


Narrator: Brian struggles in his chains as lightning strikes outside. 


Larry: Damn, even without powers you can exercise your rage. 


Aquaman: (slightly scared) Anyway, with you guys here everything should run smoothly. 


Timmy: What are you even planning? 


Aquaman: Look what I'm plannin. He he. 

Larry: You gonna tell us or…


Aquaman: Let's just say that big changes are coming to your multiverse. If everything goes as planned, your Earth will end up just like this one. 


Brian: Who would hire your pathetic fish man self?


H: Me. 


Narrator: H appears from a nearby window and somersaults down into the room. 


Aquaman: Master! 

Narrator: He kneels instinctively as H gives the order for him to stand. 


Larry: Who the hell are you?


H: Perhaps this will jog your memory. 


Narrator: He plays back a hologram of the fated endgame battle where evil hitman and regular hitman faced off. 


Timmy: So in this dimension you beat him?


H: right you are. 


Cambry: This guy looks like hitman.  


Larry: not now cambry. 


H: Your group has peaked my interest. 


Brian: So you're in charge?


H: No, I serve the one above all. But he is unaware of this little meeting. 


Aquaman: YOU WENT OVER HIS HEAD? ARE YOU INSANE?


H: QUIET FOOL. Do you forget I have humbly served him for countless battles? I act on his will but it is a free will. 


Larry: That's confusing…


H: Then allow me to cut to the chase. Your universe is of incredible importance to my master. He has business there that I will not share with you. His pride and overwhelming strength cause him to overlook things such as you lot. So I must take it into account what we will be going up against. Its my role as second in command. 


Brian: You haven't seen anything yet. The second I get out of these chains I'll…


Narrator: The room grows cold and sinister. Waves of what appears to be hatred wash off of H. The losers all feel the fear of god within them. 


Aquaman: H, I beg of you. Let me be the end of the ginger one. 


H: No. they shall not meet their end today. 


Aquaman: what are you talking about?!


Narrator: He loosens their chains except for elmer and a portal opens. 


H: You are free to go. We will meet again soon. May the odds be in your favor. 


Narrator: The losers stumble into the portal still terrified. They make it to the other side. 


Larry: i'm hungry


Timmy: ARE YOU SERIOUS? A MAN JUST LOOKED AT US HARD AND BASICALLY SEALED OUR FATES! HOW CAN YOU BE HUNGRY AT A TIME LIKE THIS?!


Cambry: IT'S TACO WEDNESDAY!


All including Timmy: TACO WEDNESDAY!!!


Aquaman: oh carp. What are we gonna tell the boss if he comes in?


H: simple. We tell the truth


Aquaman: WHAT! How will that possibly end well? Wait a sec, the boss isn’t here right now, i forgot!


Narrator: suddenly, WB PE opens the door and stress immediately washes over Aquaman


WB: If I’m not mistaken I heard a couple of strangers in here conversing. Mind telling me what was going on here?


H: We have found our losers. Supposedly the individuals who were to be our greatest threat. However, after examination it appeared as though they were no better than any other dimension. They lack their enhancements currently and their willpower is weak.


WB: so you deleted them without any resistance?


H: No. I sent them home.


WB: (smirks) You have my respect H (leaves)


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 94: The Ancients