

Narrator: it has been a couple bopper wiches since their last adventure. To offset the rising conflict we now turn to an ancient time for adventure. We see Cashier before he was a cashier. He wears tribal warm clothing and leaves his home for the day. On a trip to hunt he arrives at an eerily warm pond. A man levitates in the center. 


TGC: Hello ancient one. 


Cashier: How have you come to locate me?


TGC: The mysterious ancient one. Said to transcend time entirely. Origins and powers unknown to all. 


Cashier: What is it you seek?


TGC: A dark and gruesome power is coming to my world. I require all the help I can find. 


Cashier: What is this threat we face?


TGC: A dark aura seeks to claim my world as its next meal. If he is able to accomplish said task the rest of the universe shall fall in line. 


Cashier: Throughout my years I have refused to interfere. I simply have observed as I always have. But seeing the size of this threat, I shall help you gather a team, nothing more.  


TGC: Splendid. Do you have any champions in mind?


Cashier: I have one idea…


Narrator: TGC and Cashier arrive on the ground of a healthy thriving planet. They arrive at a village where a group of silver haired godlike villagers chat and converse. They arrive at the door of the house at the edge of town. They see a man with pure silver hair and incredible features praying in the center of the room. The man immediately rises to his feet and slams the door with some supernatural force. 


T: Oh, Cashier!


Cashier: Hello old friend. 


TGC: This is a large surprise to me. The lonely deity friends with a member of the T clan. 


Cashier: I have met countless companions and adversaries over the years. But a few hold a special place in my mind. T, we require your strength as the strongest of the T clan. 


T: What is the problem?


TGC: A threat of mass destruction has appeared before me. I humbly ask for your assistance removing it from this domain. 

T: I appreciate the offer, but I must not disobey the will of the gods of cod. We are not to fight unless provoked to do so. 


TGC: But if we do not act this evil will consume ALL worlds. 


T: (stern). All worlds? That is enough for me to represent my people in combat.(prepares to leave) If we are going to do this we need Car Platinum.


TGC: I am unfamiliar with this term. 


Cashier: He is referring to the mad scientist they call the chariot of champions. 


TGC: Holy Cow. 


T: That too. But later. For now let's head to his lab. 


Narrator: While travelling they are presented with some minor downtime. 


TGC: These gods you worship, they dictate your choices?


T: You are unaware of the gods of cod? Incredbile! And you call yourself a seer?! They are the supreme rulers of everything. Everything that happens is their will. The T clan is their messengers. The scripture states that once we pass on from this life we join the gods for we are their descendants. 


TGC: Marvelous. My people are more based on prophecy than fate. We rely on the rulings of fortunes and such to dictate our destinies. Just last week I received a fortune. I would be blessed with a son soon. 


Cashier: That is great news genie. 


T: The link between the T clan allows for instantaneous information. If my wife and child are hurt I will know immediately. Same if someone in my village was to die. 


Cashier: Strange way to finish that conversation but it appears we are here. 


Narrator: a loud explosion is heard and car platinum emerges from the smoke. He stands as a car looking man covered in muscles wearing a lab coat. 


Car Platinum: Drat, this is the 7th time I’ve rerun this experiment. Everything should’ve been stable, I don’t know what’s happening


Cashier: that would be it. Ever since the dark one has resurfaced, strange occurrences have been happening over the multiverse.


Car platinum: and you need my help? I would normally say count me out but I need to get back to my projects. Let’s find and destroy this clown. ROLLA


Cashier: carp, I almost forgot, there is another person to be joining us. Platinum, can you take us to the place you use as a energy field


Car platinum: ah, him. Got it. 


Narrator: car platinum leads the way. They are prompted with small talk again


TGC: I’m afraid I’m not really familiar with this one either


Cashier: yes, this being is less frequent when it comes to gatherings. He more or less, spends his time floating around by himself, waiting to fight.


TGC: is there any particular reason he does so


Cashier: they say he does this for eternity, until he finds the right opportunity to marry


TGC: beautiful 


Car platinum: if he isn’t the first that would be sad considering he’s been doing this for thousands of years


Narrator: suddenly a loud explosion is heard and blue and yellow particles reach them


T: over there!


Narrator: they see what appears to be a blue dragon fighting nothing


TGC: what do I call him by?


Cashier: BFG or blue fire dragon


Car platinum: but his powers are thunder and dragon starts with a d


Cashier: idk I didn’t come up with the name


CP: what is he fighting though?


Narrator: All of the sudden a screeching roar is let out by the dragon. They glance back and notice a shadow figure now in full view. 


TGC: That's him. That's quite humorous. We go to recruit this dragon and he has already begun the battle!


T: Now is not the time for jokes, fortune man. Let us act. 


Narrator: T begins to fire off blasts that phase through the figure. The darkness turns away from the dragon and begins to pursue T. T begins to inhale and is almost successful in fully swallowing the demon but is instead dragged from the mouth by the beast. He is thrown across the battlefield. 


T: Is that the best you can do?!


Narrator: T begins to float and glow, he begins to turn the earth around him into a fluid ocean, manipulating the matter as if it were putty. He grabs onto the darkness and attempts to sear it with molten earth. It lets out a shrill cry in horror. All of the sudden a shock wave travels through the area. Everyone is knocked to their knees as the shadow tries to break free of the scorching molten earth. 


Cashier: There is no way to beat him! We have to start thinking of alternatives. 


TGC: A seal.


CP: What was that?


TGC: A seal, if you all channel your energy into me we can seal this spirit away. I just need you all to place your hand on my back. 


Elmer: Speaking of back, I got yours!


Narrator: The clouds split and out of the sunray comes a cow with a blonde head of hair


Cashier: Oh god. Everyone meet Elmer, the incredibly “humble” god cow. 


T: Perhaps he can end this.


Elmer: I got this guys!


Narrator: he flies into the shadow and is immediately cast away. 


Elmer: Oh god ow this hurts ahh. 


TGC: We don't have much time, it will break free of the earth soon. Everyone together!


Narrator: They all place their hands onto TGC as he generates a spell area. The demon begins to sink but is not struggling to remain on the ground. 


T: (already glowing) We need an extra boost. 


Narrator: The world is shaken by thunder. Above the shadow floats the dragon. He sends down to Earth a lightning strike of over 52 trillion gigavolts. The darkness is weakened and begins to fall. But not before uttering its final pathetic words. 


Darkness: You have not seen the last of me champions of this realm. I shall return in one multiverse or another! I will find a suitable vessel, and conquer with a vast army! I will succeed in my quest to conquer EVERYTHING!


Narrator: To everyone’s surprise, the darkness manages to fire off a dagger of darkness into the group. Cashier sees this and notices its trajectory. It is aimed directly at the chest of his childhood friend. And it connects. 


TGC: (with a sturdy resolve) Your fate is sealed then. 


Narrator: With a clap the spell begins to close. The shadow screams and claws to safety but fails and is sealed away forever more. Cashier rushes to his friend, the silver fading from his hair. 


T: Hello cashier. 


Cashier: T! No T I'm so sorry. I could have stopped it. If I had just interfered…


T: Shush my friend. Hindsight will always weigh us down. It is how we learn from our mistakes that matters. (his eyes flash white momentarily). Well, this is unfortunate. 

Cashier: I know. (crying) I know it is. 


T: No not that. My village has fallen. The barbaric tribe invaded us and I have just now been informed. Cashier, my son, my son has just been born. My wife has hid him in my home. I beg of you. Protect him. Watch over him. 


Cashier: I swear to you T, until my dying day I shall watch over your lineage. I will assist him and his descendants in any way I possibly can. 


T: Thank you friend. It is time now that I join the Gods. Farewell.


Narrator: The northern lights appear and his spirit travels away with them. Cashier recollects himself. 


Cashier: Well done all. 

TGC: I'm so sorry for your loss, my people have a sense when it comes to death, I know he is at peace. 


Cashier: Me too. 

CP: I must return to my home. Jakespeed to all of you. 


Narrator: He exits. Across the way Elmer regains consciousness and begins to head towards the group when a muzzle is attached to him. Elmer would go on to be captured for most of his young years, until the losers find him and free him. TGC returns to his home as Cashier heads for the T clan village. He walks through the empty streets and burned homes. He hears the cry of a child. T’s son. The last survivor of the T clan massacre. 


Cashier: Hello dear child. Fear not, for you are protected. 


Narrator: The collected spirits of the fallen T clan form into a singular stone, it floats gracefully to the top of a mountain. The soul of a village encapsulated in one stone. Cashier returns to Earth and passes the child onto a family anonymously. Cashier would watch the child grow and watch his children grow. For centuries he saw the descendants of his closest friend grow and pass. He saw Terry father the child named Timmy. He watches Timmy grow and find friends. Unlike the other children of T, he feels a strange aura from Timmy. One day when Timmy and his friends first travel to space, he acts as a cashier for Timmy, the first descendant Cashier ever interacted with. And the cashier would grow fond of Timmy as time grew on. He would continue being a cashier at any location and time that Timmy needed, knowing he was protecting the last descendant of a godly race. While the story ends on a positive note for our now retired ancients, the end of them only meant the rise of the dark spirit once again. Little did these ancients know that their descendants would not only face the spirit, but through a vessel of one of their greatest foes. Little did their descendants know that their greatest battle  was yet to come. Little did I know that my job as a narrator was gonna get worse in the coming scripts. Anyways, enough about me, back to the losers


Larry: I’m bored


Timmy: hey at least we don’t have a threat to deal with. You notice how whenever we get a break there’s something to deal with. These 10 minutes have been the longest break in ages. It’s almost unnatural.


Brian: well we should try to appreciate I guess then.


Cambry: Dinner is served 


Timmy: (to himself) and cambrys making us dinner. I have a bad feeling about something, and it ain’t the deep fried top soil he made us


Narrator: Timmy ignores these feelings momentarily and they all enjoy their terrible dinner


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 95: the beginning of the end