


Narrator: it has been a couple retconned origin stories since their last adventure. Absolutely nothing is happening which is a bit strange.


Timmy: ok I’m not the only one getting this feeling aren’t I


Larry: Timmy, are you ok? I get that to you there may be a weird atmosphere, but remember, nothing has actually happened yet? Even if you think something is up, what are you going to do


Timmy: we all know that this has to do with that menacing evil hitman. There can’t be any other explanation for this feeling of uneasiness.


Brian: Timmy, remember that we don’t have powers, what can we do


Timmy: you don’t need to remind me that Brian! All I’m saying is that we should all go to stop him. We’ve never been defeated before! 


Cambry: that doesn’t mean we aren’t gonna be defeated one day Timmy. And do you not remember infinity wore?


Timmy: damn, profound for Cambry


Brian: cool it Tucker, no need to resort to petty insults.


Timmy: ok Brock. The guy who has failed to obtain an ugly mermaid fish creature for 80 something scripts at this point?


Larry: (opens mouth)


Timmy: and don’t even open your mouth fat lips. You always act like a leader despite being no better than the rest of us


Brian: TIMMY, calm yourself. Tell us what the issue is


Timmy: no. I’m past that. I’m out.


Narrator: timmy leaves silently.


Larry: how the hell is he even going to get there?


Cambry: Will uncle Timmy be ok?


Brian: For god sakes Cambry he is not your uncle. 


Narrator: meanwhile, Timmy is walking outside, looking back and forth


Timmy: holy carp. I’m the logical one, why am I leaving when I have no method of transportation. If only I had my teleportation/ matter manipulating powers (silence)


Narrator: you’re not getting a cop out in power dude.




H: (smirks) bullseye (shoots tranq gun)


Narrator: H is seen 50 meters away on a rooftop after firing the tranquilizer at Timmy. the tranq dart hits Timmy dead on in the forehead and he subsequently fallsover  to the ground. The losers hear the thud and emerge from the home and see H teleporting away with Timmy. 


Larry: AFTER HIM


Cambry: LETS ROLLLL!!!


Narrator: Cambry let’s out a gut wrenching shart and they go faster than usual. However some weird technology that h has access to for some reason trumps Cambry


Brian: faster Cambry! You’re almost there


Cambry: (coughing) i can’t. I’m at my limit


H: (on intercom) losers. Stop chasing, and I won’t shoot you. Just leave us be an you will be spared


Cambry: NEVER


H: once we are done with him you can have him back. We will not harm him


Larry: you’re lying!


H: fine, you leave me with no choice


Narrator: as h is lining up the perfect shot, it is almost as if time had stopped. H’s skill falls only beneath that of the great world breaker himself. However, Cambry is the most unpredictable car in the universe, and at the last second spins out. H shoots the laser from the ship and it hits one of Cambry’s head lights. A loud explosion follows and as the smoke clears H looks towards where the shot landed and sees fragments of Cambry.The losers are nowhere to be found. H takes advantage of the opportunity and escapes. We see Larry climbing to his feet. He pulls a Cambry shard out of his right shoulder. 


Larry: Oh jesus christ. (looks around) Cambry?! Timmy?! Kaden? No even if he was here I would prefer the alternative. 


Narrator: Larry reaches into his pocket for a phone that may or may not exist but is not there. One of Cambry’s headlights begins to glow and float around. 


Larry: woah not so fast there.


Narrator: He manages to attach a string to it and wrap it around his neck. 


Larry: Cambrium is a strange element. The potential of which i don't even know. I wonder…


Narrator: He fiddles with the headlight until a one man portal appears. 


Larry: Well hey. Clichenie calls it destiny. 


Narrator: he enters the portal. Meanwhile we see Cambry regaining consciousness somewhere very far away. He lays on an operating table. Two of his wheels have been replaced by cheese wheels and the rest of him is barely being held together by elmer’s glue and prayers. 


Cambry: WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?


AB: oh hey Cambry. Jeez you were out for a good minute or two. Lucky me you landed directly onto my table. 


Cambry: My parts. My precious parts....


AB: I don't mean to be discriminatory but, can you not just auto heal with your cambrium body?


Cambry: The surface level stuff yeah. The average gash or spare tire. But i'm missing my mirrors. Those are like a car’s eyes. I can barely see by car standards. 


AB: I suppose you could say objects in the mirror do not appear bada bada.


Cambry: I need my mirrors announcer. My mirrors. 


AB: Alright well let's go find some!


Narrator: Announcer grabs Cambry a blind man stick and they set out on their adventure. Now we cut to Brian who wakes up in a similar situation as Cambry but much more upscale. On the downside he is tied down to his table. 


Brian: Where am i? Oh jeez. Whoever you are show yourself!?


Hitman: relax brock it was just a temporary precaution during the surgery. 


Brian: Surgery?


Narrator: He looks over his body and notices no cuts or bruises. He then feels the back of his neck. 

Brian: DID YOU PUT A USB PORT IN ME?


Hitman: Yes, it was a concept I had been contemplating for some time. And seeing your natural attraction to electricity i thought…


Brian: you thought what? That i could just be a human laptop?!


Hitman: Look. I know we have not always been on the same wavelength. But i need your help. You're the only person to my knowledge that can help. 


Brian: What’s going on?


Hitman: I need you to kill the aquaman. 


Narrator: Brian smiles. Lastly we pan to Timmy. He is strapped to a wall in a familiar space, the void base. H walks into the light.


H: You were not a hard man to catch Timmy. 


Timmy: What so do we fight now? Is that why you wanted me?


H: No, I didn't want you. One of my colleagues did. 


Timmy: I don't understand. 


H: Perhaps its better if I show you.


Narrator: H removes Timmy from the wall with his mind. Timmy’s hands are still bound. 


Timmy: what the-


H: did you forget I had telekinetic powers back in infinity wore? Nevermind that. Stay by my side. 


Narrator: They walk through several halls with several cells. They even pass one labeled ELMER. Eventually they arrive outside a colosseum. Inside is an absurd amount of prisoners of different races and realities facing off. In the center however a single man manages to escape a pile of men and wipe out the rest of the competition. He then sets his sights on Timmy. 


Tarmac: Bingo. 


Narrator: In an instant he is at Timmy’s face. 


Tarmac: So this is what the god’s recessive gene looks like. 


Timmy: and you are?


Tarmac: Tarmac the barbarian. The “bootleg” version of you. I never understood that. Bootleg. Its so demeaning. Imagine living your whole life destined to be second place to someone lucky enough to live in the “prime timeline.”


Timmy: Hey I didn't make the rules. 


Tarmac: Oh no I know you didn't. THEY DID. Those pathetic Gods of Cod. See, I worship the Cods of God. Glorious Fish capable of insurmountable feats. They gave me this power I possess. THE GOLDEN GEAR.


Narrator: He powers up and glows gold in front of Timmy. 


Tarmac: They foresaw my demise at the hands of someone capable of wielding the silver spice system. So you can imagine my surprise after dying to a mere mortal centuries ago. But now I have returned as destiny dictates. And my final match is approaching. 


Timmy: Look man I don't have access to this Silver spice-


Tarmac: HAHAHA. Foolish Timmy. I know you don't. I am aware of the events of the Games. I was hopeful after hearing your multiversal shattering potential. But no. You are not my opponent. He is. 


Narrator: Timmy looks to where Tarmac points. They see a large scaffolding above the colosseum. And tied down to it at the very top sits. 


Timmy: TOMMY!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 96: Timmy in Trouble