

Narrator: It has been one fish game since their last adventure. It is a cold day in the Void. Timmy and Tommy are in the cafeteria eating breakfast.


Tommy: As far as I know, Tarmac is the closest being in terms of power to you and I.

Timmy: No doubt in my mind my son can't beat that neanderthal 


Tommy: Dad, he has beaten prisoners in 1v50. His power is on a whole nother level


Timmy: none of those prisoners had the tucker family spirit. He may get in over his head. Maybe we can fight against him together.


Tommy: he may look like just a brute, but trust me, he’s no fool. I was watching his technique. He is a true warrior. Nothing pleases him more than a true battle fought gloriously


Tarmac: Hello Tommy. How do you like your extension of your death sentence?


Tommy: (silent)


Tarmac: Well no matter. While I’m sure I will win, I expect much more from you than these sad excuses for opponents.


Timmy: Hey, are there any rules in this prison against starting random fights?


Tarmac: why, no there aren’t.


Narrator: Timmy flings a full force punch at Tarmac. It connects and sends him back a couple of feet. Timmy’s hand is now broken.


Tarmac: (laughing) That’s the spirit Timmy. I see even without your powers you possess some strength. None of the other fools could hit me like that, even with supernatural abilities.  That was a foolish idea sacrificing your hand for, but I praise you nonetheless.


Timmy: (slight grin) Great, making sure we’re on the same page.


Tarmac: If Timmy is this powerful without powers, I can only imagine how strong you are Tommy. 


Tommy: I will obliterate you


Tarmac: Great. Our battle will commence in 15 minutes. Cower.

Tommy: A little early to say that if you ask me.


Narrator: Tarmac storms out of the room. 


Tommy: you’re an idiot Thompson.


Timmy: dont call me that, and there was a reason


Tommy: for crippling yourself?


Timmy: yep. I just wanted to get a feel of what we’re dealing with. After that hit I can safely say I can beat him with my silver spice stuff.


Tommy: ok, but, you don’t have your powers?


Timmy: love finds a way Tommy.


Tommy: well if it’s in the name of love


Guard: alright lovebirds, get outta here. Oh you, you’re the next victim, come with me


Timmy: good luck son, jakespeed


Tommy: yeah


Narrator: the guard separates the two and takes Tommy to a chamber that connects to the underground of the arena. We pan to the ground floor, where the stadium is more back than ever, and tarmac already sits in the middle. He’s eating some sort of rib like an absolute caveman. He swallows it whole, bone and everything.


Tarmac: face me if you dare Tommy!


Narrator: forget the line earlier where Tommy said tarmac was intelligent


Stadium announcer: release the Tommy!


Timmy: cmon tommy 


Narrator: the gates to Tommy’s door open, and the crowd roars. 5 seconds pass, and then 15 seconds, and so on.


Tarmac: where are you, tommy boy. I’ll give you 10 seconds, and if you don’t come out, I blast you to pieces.


Narrator: 10 seconds pass.


Timmy: uh oh


Tarmac: I warned you


Narrator: tarmac sends a gold shockwave that levels the entirety of where Tommy is being held


Timmy: Nooooooo


Tarmac: I sent just enough heat to not melt him completely but cook him to a delicate medium rare


Timmy: man you are a gross individual. NO TOMMY


Narrator: Timmy then gets a tap on the shoulder, and it is none other than Tommy


Timmy: Timmy, how are you…


Tommy: I teleported.


Timmy: why didn’t we teleport out of prison right when we got here?


Tommy: one, you still can’t teleport, two…


Narrator: Tommy’s pockets are filled to the brim with gold yogurt lids


Timmy: what the hell are we gonna do with those


Tommy: dad, this amount of gold yogurt lids up here is like the equivalent of 4 billion dollars on earth


Timmy: noted. Hey can you teleport us out of here by me holding your hand


Tommy: probably not. However, if it’s in the name of love…


Narrator: they hold hands and teleport but only Tommy teleports so he returns.


Tommy: carp. We’re gonna have to make a run for it


Narrator: tarmac slams his fist in the center of the arena. Surrounding him is a reddish goldish aura. 


Tarmac: where is he?! Where could he have gone?!! YOU DARE MAKE A MOCKERY OF THE GREAT TARMAC?!


Timmy: run!!!


Narrator: tarmac flies up in the air and is frantically turning to try to find him, Unable to spot him. he explodes with rage and levels the entire stadium, instantly killing everyone within it.


Tarmac: Tommy, I wanted a glorious battle, yet you ran away and made me look like a fool! I swear if it’s the last thing I’ll do I wipe you from the face of existence!


H: (on the phone) Verywell. (hangs up) Tarmac. Come here please. 


Narrator: Tarmac still in a blind fury huffing and puffing walks towards H. H lands a singular punch directly into Tarmac’s gut. He gets the wind knocked out of him. 


H: That colosseum will take an unnecessary amount of labor to reconstruct. It was his favorite attraction. I have been ordered to keep you alive, but this is your final warning. 


Tarmac: Apologies H. 


H: DO NOT APOLOGIZE TO ME YOU INSUFFERABLE BRUTE. It is the one above all that requires an apology. 


Tarmac: Oh please don't call him here. I beg. 


Tommy: Hey should we like, run since they are just kinda dealing with some personal things?


Narrator: he turns and sees timmy already a good 40 feet away full sprinting. Tommy begins to chase after him. Suddenly while running down the hallways they stop. 


Tommy: What are you doing we gotta go!


Timmy: Not yet. I have unfinished business. 


Narrator: They walk into a prisoner cell labeled ELMER. They see poor elmer watching reruns of How I met your mother. His tears fill a bucket which is attached to tubes that send the tears right into his mouth for drinking.


Elmer: (mouth full of tears) TIMMY!


Timmy: Sorry I took so long. 


Narrator: They remove Elmer from his chains. 


Elmer: Where are the others?


Timmy: I...I don't know. 


Elmer: Thats alright. Let's get out of here and find them. 


WB: I'm afraid that is not an option. 


Narrator: They look at the door. In the doorframe stands the worldbreaker hismelf. His overwhelming aura knocks even Elmer out. Elmer and Timmy wake up in the same cell this time, with the dark PE standing before them. 


WB: Before I did not care. I have faced you and your friends across countless realities and not once have I left the battle with more than a papercut. I have no fear of you Timmy. But you refuse to accept fate. You will spend the rest of your time here peacefully. I will not see you revolt or scheme. If you do, I will make sure you face the most dire of consequences. 


Narrator: World breaker holds up the mangled body of Tommy. He is alive but in a terrifyingly critical condition. He lobs him at Timmy.


WB: Not many who meet my sight live long enough to remember it. Count yourself lucky. 


Narrator: Timmy tries to speak but he is unable to get any words out. WB exits both the cell.


Timmy: TOMMY. TOMMY CAN YOU HEAR ME. 


Tommy: Dad? 


Timmy: This is...this is...UNACCEPTABLE. 


Narrator: Timmy’s eyes for a split second glow bright white. He is then knocked out by his own conscious. However, the moment of power was enough to heal Tommy to somewhere near 80 percent. 


Elmer: What do we do now?


Tommy: What can we do?


Narrator: WB continues down the base to the reconstruction of the colosseum


H: My lord. (bows)


WB: Where is he?


H: I have already begun the process. 


Narrator: They walk into another room and see Tarmac blindfolded and strapped to the wall. WB takes the blindfold off of him. 


Tarmac: Oh my days. Hello my liege!


WB: Is it true you destroyed the colosseum. 


Tarmac: yes sir but I apologize for this you see i-


WB: SILENCE. 


Narrator: Tarmac once again pees his pants. 


WB: You will serve your purpose in due time. For now, recover. I forbid you to fight even your destined battle until the time presents itself. 


Tarmac: Yes sir. I understand. 


WB: Good. Now for your punishment. 


Narrator: WB claps and a subordinate brings him a gauntlet with 6 power stones. He simply taps Tarmac’s temple and he begins to writhe in excruciating pain.


WB: it will be over within the next 3 days. As you were H. 


Narrator: he leaves. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 97: Where’s Larry?