

Narrator: It has been six coliseums since their last adventure. The losers are all still separated. We now see Larry on his very own adventure. He steps out of the portal and lands on the side of a busy freeway. Thousands of futuristic cars zoom past until one suddenly stops in front of him. An android steps out of the vehicle.


Heckabyte: hello citizen. Remain calm. I mean no harm. I will now scan you. 


Larry: (covers crotch) HEY!


Heckabyte: Scan complete. Master Ballen, you are far from your tower, allow me to accompany you on your way home.


Larry: Master ball- ok sure. You may. 


Narrator: The proceed down the highway into a city called Ballen City. Every section of the city is just as prosperous as the last. The slums of this metropolis are just equivalent to the home Larry currently lives in. So pretty good. They arrive at the top of the Ballen tower.


Ballen: Heckabyte defense protocol


Larry: Huh?


Narrator: Dozens of androids swarm Larry and surround him. 


Ballen: You share my face, is this some sick trick of that sneaky H?


Larry: No, my name is Larry Ballen. I'm from somewhere not here. 


Ballen: AH LARRY. Deactivate protocol. 


Narrator: The drones disperse and Ballen gives Larry a large hug. 


Ballen: I believe I met a few of your colleagues a while back. They were hunting lambo I believe. 


Larry; OH yeah. We did do that. At some point you lose track you know?


Ballen: Not me. I remember every last moment. 


Larry: ok?


Ballen: So why are you here?


Larry: Oh

Narrator: Larry gets ballen up to speed. You're welcome reader. 


Ballen: I see, so this threat captured your Timmy. And fate has sent you to me. I will help you Larry. 


Larry: what I didn't even ask for help but thanks. 

Ballen: Look larry. In this dimension, I was the sole survivor of endgame. We failed to even bring back the half of the population. But in the end I landed a blow that killed PE. Anyways, using my increased intellect, I built an empire from the ashes of the planet. Now everyones happy. 


Larry: That's wonderful Ballen. I don't wanna be a Timmy but WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING!?


Ballen: My point dear boy, is I can show you my secrets. How I beat the winners single handedly. How you can become the PRIME LARRY.


Larry: Sounds good where do we start. 


Ballen: Well let me see your heckabyte armor. I gotta know what I’m working with. 


Larry: yeah about that...I don't got it. 


Ballen: Well thats not good. Whatever the case may be you can accompany me on my next job. (sirens wail) Speak of the devil. He strikes again!


Larry: Wait who?


Ballen: My archrival. The only dark spot in my glorious city. THE BIDDLER.


Larry: what in the batman are you talking about?


Ballen: I have no idea who this bateman you are talking about is but this is different. The biddler has done crimes in my city since its founding. And with you by my side, today we shall catch him. 


Larry: Sounds good. 


Ballen: For now you can borrow my grocery shopping armor. 


Narrator: The armor attaches to Larry and it is leagues above the greatest of scientific achievements in his timeline. 


Larry: Jesus Christ are you buying stuff from whole foods?


Ballen: Who would not buy the whole food? Silly boy, let's go. Oh wait I almost forgot. Hmm. What to wear what to wear....I GOT IT. 


Narrator: He claps his hands as an android brings him a glass of water and a pill. He takes the pill and a suit forms around him that is much more advanced than Larry’s.


Larry: Ok you gotta show me how you did that. 


Ballen: oh thats easy I just had to-


Narrator: the sirens wail louder and cut him off. They head to the local Ballen Museum. 


Larry: Wait so you run this city and you dedicated a museum to yourself?


Ballen: Not just myself, look. 


Narrator: Larry looks into the museum from the roof and sees monuments built for the pass adventures. He sees statues of Brian on a date with hitmanmaid, Timmy shanking his first victim, Cambry eating a water bottle, and many more. 


Larry: Woah! This is sick. Where are our monuments?


Ballen: Jeez selfish much?


Larry: This city is called ballen city. You banned water and started selling ballen water. 


Ballen: ok ok touche. Now look again. 


Narrator: This time larry looks into the building and sees several shady looking people meeting up in front of the 7/11 memorial. 


Thug 1: You got the goods?


Thug 2: yeah I gottem. We just need the boss to sign off on this trade. 


Biddler: Well here I am. 


Narrator: Into the light steps a man dressed in a really gross shade of green. Instead of a question mark he wears a semi-colon on his head for some reason. 

Biddler: So i hear we are doing some biddling tonight?


Thug 1: Yeah boss. This guy got the access codes to Ballen’s private bathroom.


Biddler: The one that solved world hunger or the one that cured dementia?


Thug: Dementia.


Biddler: Hmm. Excellent. We will take it. We shall use it to cure our other thug’s dementia. Then we go for Ballen!


Narrator: They all laugh and just as they are about to exchange the codes Larry and Ballen break through the glass ceiling. Larry fires off highly compressed lasers from his hands that manage to leave no wound. Several thugs just flop to the ground. 


Larry: What the hell is this suit?


Ballen: You think thats cool check this out!


Narrator: Ballen reaches into his suit’s built in pocket and pulls out a shank. He whispers something and lightning comes out of it just as it did for brian and timmy. The rest of the thugs go down. Only the biddler remains. 


Biddler: Oh bada ballen. You can't catch me. You and I both know our relationship is built on you chasing me. 


Larry: this could not be more stolen from batman i swear. 

Ballen: You're right biddler. I can't catch you. But I can find out who you really are!


Narrator: he rips off the semi colon hat and reveals-


Larry: ANNOUNCERBOAT!?


Biddler: yes larry it is I. Wait, Larry is here, but Ballen is also-nevermind. 


Ballen: Woah. Announcer why are you against me. We are two of the few survivors of the endgame massacre. 


AB: I don't know. After you went off to be awesome and everyone else kinda separated I saw no other obvious choice but to commit to crime. 


Larry: There were plenty of other choices announcer. You could have opened a speech education school. 


Ballen: That is actually a great idea. 


AB: yeah larry that was like a genuinely good idea you just had. I'm gonna commit to that now. 


Ballen: Well not so fast. 


Narrator: Ballen sears a Ballen ID number into his bicep. 


Ballen: Alright scan that number and call me. I'll get you the funding you need. 


AB: WHY DID YOU BRAND ME WITH YOUR PHONE NUMBER?!


Ballen: It's called a trademark Announcer. I'll teach you more about it later. 


Narrator: After the somewhat pointless encounter Larry and Ballen fly back to the tower. 


Ballen: well I owe you a great deal Larry. In the one day you were here I managed to heal my greatest foe of several script years. 


Larry: I don't know how you didn't catch him earlier. I mean you have a cold fusion coffee maker and he was just a boat guy in a green costume. 


Ballen: Well the important thing is that we did. Alright now where were we? Oh yes I was going to teach you the secrets of the heckabyte. 


Larry: yes. Go on…


Ballen: Well I can't show you it just happens. 

Larry: What happens?


Ballen: Oh this. 


Narrator: Ballen lifts up his hair to reveal his temple. Imbedded into it is the heckabyte chip. 


Larry: WOAH! How did you integrate it into your body?


Ballen: I didn't. It just did it itself. After the crushing defeat of Endgame I was sad and furious. Then quite literally the next day a bunch of copies of my now deceased friends showed up. The rage alone I suppose merged the heckabyte with me.


Larry: So you don't just have a heck ton of smart. You ARE a heck ton of smart?!


Ballen: Yes. Once it merged with me everything else came easy. 


Larry: Alright so i'll just get mad. 


Narrator: Larry stubs his toe incredibly hard. He manages to make a surface level crack in the caulking of the wall. He cries out in excruciating pain. 


Ballen: Did you forget you don't have your heckabyte at the moment?


Larry: Maaaybe


Ballen: Even if you had it you can't force something like this. It has to occur-


Narrator: A large siren is set off and Ballen drops everything and heads towards a surveillance room.
Ballen: Oh no. 


Larry: Whats going down?


Ballen: ITS GOING DOWN ITS GOING BROWN. 


Narrator: Josuke’s theme plays as Larry looks at the monitor. Worldbreaker alone is at the edge of Ballen’s reality. 


Ballen: If this is the foe you face then we have less time than expected. (grabs Larry by the shoulders) Larry. I lost everyone I cared about and it has haunted me ever since. Promise me that whatever you do, you will protect your friends. 


Larry: yes Ballen of course. 


Ballen: Splendid. AAAA

Narrator: Ballen pulls out one of his teeth. 


Ballen: this tooth has my greatest achievement on it. The ultimate armor. When the time comes use it. It will prove very useful. It also includes many of my blueprints and recipes for no bake brownies. I love no bake brownies larry. They are like the best brownies. 


Larry: Ballen what if I can't do it. What if I can't fight back?


Ballen: Thats the thing Larry! You can help without fighting. 


Larry: What?


Ballen: Stay strong Larry. Go find your friends. Jakespeed. 

Narrator: The building begins to crumble as Ballen pushes Larry into a portal he already opened. Larry lands back in his dimension. We see WB make it to Ballen’s feet. 


Ballen: I suppose this was destiny huh PE? You take everything I care about and come back for seconds. 


WB: I commend you Ballen. Your technology is the only tech that surpasses that of my own. 


Ballen: So what? You've come to take it?


WB: No. I've come to break it. 


Narrator: He smiles. At an instant he is at Ballen, with his fist in his shoulder. 


Ballen: I suppose that's curtains for this reality. 


WB: Fret not Ballen. You are my problem. This universe shall be spared. I'm saving my energy. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 98: Cambry and Announcer have an Adventure