

Narrator: It has been several thousand seconds since their last adventure. We now shift the story to Cambry who is still blind and in the custody of announcer. 


AB: So we gotta gotta find you some eyes?


Cambry: you know what Announcer. I got an idea. Let’s have an adventure!


AB: Well yeah cambry i thought that was implied. Anything we do counts as an adventure. Last time I went grocery shopping they played dramatic music as I got butter. 


Cambry: oh yeah. Alright how are we gonna do this?


AB: Well is there anyone you know who can make you artificial eyes?


Cambry: Larry could…(begins sobbing)


AB: Oh there there cambro. We’ll find them. We just need to get on the bus and head towards your house. Do you got like six dollars?


Cambry: the contents of my glovebox all got incarcerated in the explosion. So no. 

AB: Then you know what that means…


Both: STREET PERFORMING UNTIL WE MAKE ENOUGH MONEY TO COMPLETE THE JOURNEY TO OUR DESTINATION


Narrator: They are now on the side of the road. Cambry is wearing blind man glasses and announcer is in a suit. 


Announcer: Come one come all to see the magnificent blind car!


Guy: What does it do?


Announcer: Observe as it answers all of the questions I ask it. Car, are you blind. 


Cambry: YES. I AM. 


Narrator: The crowd erupts in laughter and cheers. The hat they use for donations already is overflowing. 


Announcer: Wow, such support. Thank you all, have a goodnight. 


Narrator: they run away, leaving the crowd completely confused. Back at announcer’s “house” they count the money. 


AB: Holy smokes Cambry we made eight grand! I can finally pay off my student loans. 


Cambry: I can get a steering wheel cover!


Both: AND NOW WE CAN TAKE THE BUS. 


Narrator: They go to the bus stop and see that the schedule has been changed. The bus now only comes from midnight to 12:01 A.M. 


Cambry: man thats gonna take forever. 


AB: Fret not. We can find something to do to pass the time. 


Narrator: A portal opens up and clichenie exits in front of Cambry. 


Clichenie: GUYS WE GOT A PROBLE- where are the guys Cambry?


Cambry: Oh we all got separated and junk. I'm blind now. 


AB: And i'm sometimes a boat. 


Clichenie: Dammit, I knew I should have placed the tracker directly onto Larry.

Cambry: Tracker?


Clichenie: Under your left hood is a football sized transmission device. Thats how I find you guys sometimes. 


Cambry: I feel so...violated. 


Clichenie: forget about that. I need your guy’s help to take care of a major threat. 


Cambry: How major we talking. 


Clichenie: The greater good. 


AB: Wait so is it great or just good?


Clichenie: the fate of today is at stake! Follow me. 


Narrator: They travel through a portal and arrive outside of an industrial sized Walmart. Like imagine a walmart but bigger. 


Cambry: Why are we at Walmart?


Clichenie: I thought you were blind?


Cambry: yea but I never forget a face.


AB: You- nevermind. Clichenie, what's the haps?


Clichenie: Alright I'll explain. Planet Cligenie has had a flood in recent days. Many of our citizens are water locked in their homes and cannot get out. This Walmart is from dimension C-34. It sells a super sponge that can absorb entire oceans.


Cambry: Like the specific ocean?


Clichenie: yes cambry. But the thing is we need to find all three coupons. 


AB: Can't we just buy it?


Clichenie: it costs the equivalent of like 8 infinity stones.


Both: WHY?


Clichenie: I don't know but all three coupons make one item absolutely free. So we gotta get 'em. But be careful. Nobody in the store is there to shop. They are all looking for the coupons. 


Narrator: the three hastily look around in the store for the coupons and stumble in front of an old man with 3 torn coupons inches from each other. Like whoever scattered them did a terrible job.


Clichenie: hey guy, can you give us those coupons. I can grant you any wish


Old man: (incoherent mumbling)


Clichenie: excuse me?


Old man: can you bring matrice back


Clichenie: who the hell is matrice?


Old man: Get away from me you wacko how do you know my wife’s name. 


Narrator: the old man starts tearing them into more pieces


Clichenie: STOP! Look, if you want I can bring back Matrice for you, just can you please hand me the coupons


Old man: who in tarnation is matrice?


Cambry: we can perform street magic


Old man: deal


Narrator: the gangstar torture dance starts playing, and Cambry is doing nothing but wiggling his tires. I don’t know how else to describe the action that is taking place in front of me


Old man: here you go carbry


Narrator: the three have now acquired the coupons. They head up to the checkout counter. Behind cashier is a wall of products similar to that of chucky cheese.


Cashier: What would you like to purchase?


Clichenie: One super sponge please. 


Cashier: really? This store sells a pill that gets rid of all common ailments. 


Cambry: hey I could use that to fix me


AB: we can also make me human again


Clichenie: Cambry, I could fix you in an instant with cliche magic, and announcer, you get 20% more charisma in boat form


Cambry: you can’t use cliche magic to fix a flood?


Clichenie: noted. Idk man I don’t make the rules can we just get the super sponge please


Cashier: your wish is my command


Narrator: cashier gives them a normal looking sponge


Clichenie: what the…


Cashier: ok, it looks like a normal sponge, but trust me, this is the thing. I must warn you. This thing can suk an almost unlimited amount of water, but there’s one caveat. You can’t let this thing touch any merchandise of David hasslehoff. Oh god will the days of reckoning be upon us if that happens...


Cambry: darn packaging. Here, I’ll just use my limited edition David hasslehoff scissors to...


Cashier: oh my goodness! Squitwart!!!


Narrator: the sponge starts glowing an ominous purple.  Those weird jojo symbols literally emit from it


Cambry: I LOVE BEING PURPLE


Cashier: you fool. You have brought forth an unimaginable terror in our world. Life will never once be the same again. The evil spirit which subsides in said sponge will undoubtedly cause unimaginable havoc on every conceivable universe. There is nothing we can do to stop it. Humanity will face certain death. There is no reason to be calm anymore. If there is a god, may he save us all. No, this being pales in comparison to any deity.


Narrator: Cambry eats the sponge, wrapper and all


Cashier: CAMBRY! You even greater fool. You think digesting the mere packet is enough to diminish his power. He will simply take on you as a vessel. To make matters worse, it will appear as if one of our greatest friends is the universes demise


Narrator: 15 seconds pass.


Cashier: damn whoever sold me this was lying. Damn I had to memorize that monologue for nothing. Alright get out of here.


Narrator: they exit the store and travel to planet cligenie. They are greeted by Clichenies Dad who appears to have aged tremendously. 


TGC: Hello heroes. Thank you for accompanying my son to save our planet. Clichenie my boy. The sponge please?


Clichenie: Yeah about that. Cambry ate it.


TGC: Well thats no good. I suppose we should ready the autopsy room


Cambry: WHAT. BLEH


Narrator: Cambry spits up the sponge. TGC smiles and takes the sponge and casts it down into the earth. A loud sound like a straw sucking up is heard and the flooding ceases. The genies of the planet celebrate in unison. 


Announcer: Well this was an adventure.


Cambry: Yeah. And we had it!


TGC: Thank you both for aiding my son. I have prepared a royal bounty for the both of you. 


Narrator; They look over to see a table full of car/boat parts and chicken wings. They begin tearing it up as TGC calls Clichenie over to somewhere private. 


Clichenie: I'm very glad we were able to overcome this travesty. 


TGC: Yes so am I. I suppose your daily sweats will cease as well.


Clichenie: How did you know about that?

TGC: Oh my boy. I've lived longer than some stars. I suppose it is time I bestow your greatest burden. 


Clichenie: Why would I want a burden? Wait what is it? Are we in debt as a planet? Because that would suck. 


TGC: Your burden is this planet. 


 Clichenie: Huh?


TGC: Our family has held onto a great responsibility over the course of this universe. When of our family is born, their connection to this planet is established. It grows stronger and stronger as the predecessor grows weaker and weaker. You're night sweats are a result of this planet flooding. 


Clichenie: So that means, you're fading?


TGC: Something like that. Our people never truly die child. At least that's what our scripture says. But once I have passed. Do not hesitate to call on my spirit if needed. 


Clichenie: I will father. I promise. 


TGC: Splendid. Well, I will be off. I must attend to one last matter. Farewell my son. 


Narrator: He exits and travels to the space 7/11. Behind the counter is Cashier desperately trying to hold back tears. 


Cashier:(choked up) What can I get you traveller?


TGC: You can lower your facade Cashier, I would never forget the face of an old friend. 


Cashier: First T, then Car Platinum. Now you. I don't know how much more I can endure. 


TGC: I know you well enough to know there is no struggle you cannot overcome. And besides, you still have that hotshot Elmer. 


Cashier: I guess. 


TGC: Jakespeed old friend. Thank you for everything. 


Narrator: he floats up like a jojo character ghost in a bright golden light. We now return to Cambry and announcer who are at the bus stop at 11:59 pm. 


AB: Alright we have to get on immediately or it will leave us behi-


Narrator: The bus whizzes past them. 


Cambry: (honks like a curse word) How do we get home now?


AB: Wait, Cambry. WE”RE VEHICLES!?


Cambry: OH YEAH!


Narrator: They begin to roll and realize that the house was literally meters from the bus stop. 


AB: Well we did it Cambry. Now we just wait for the losers to come back with your headlights. 


Cambry: Yep. 


AB: I enjoyed this adventure Cambry. 


Cambry: We sure had one!


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 99: Brian’s Way Hoam