

Narrator: It has been more money and more problems since their last adventure. Cambry’s solo adventure has come to a close. We now pan to the final of the losers, brian. We see him training with Hitman in a cyber dojo. Hitman knocks him to the ground. 


Hitman: Get up. Again. 


Brian: Holy carp Hitman. I get you want me to beat aquaman but this is not the most effective way. We’ve just been sparing but you aren't accounting for A. his insurmountable fish man strength and B. my god lightning powers. 


Hitman: those powers of yours are worthless as of right now. You need to be prepared for the idea you may not even get them back. 


Brian: I guess.


Hitman: Listen Brock, I try my best to be impartial. I try to act unmotivated by others. Purely my will. But someone has robbed me. My greatest achievement of the Cyber-Aquaman. I cannot sit by passively as the man who stole my work walks around flaunting it. 


Brian: Ok. So whats your plan?


Hitman: I call it, the kill code. (pulls out flash drive) This flash drive contains a virus that will wipe all of the data from Aquaman’s techy bits. 


Brian: So thats why I am now a human laptop. 


Hitman: I couldn't trust A.I with this. Not after what has just happened. 


Hultron: You may as well rename me hurtron. 


Brian: The hell is that?


Hitman: Oh a while ago I pirated Larry’s Vultron A.I. so that I could use it’s vast knowledge for my own gain. Now he’s just my lab partner. 


Hultron: Yeah. I shouldn't exist. 


HItman: Go to bed hultron your very existence is startling the reader.

Brian: Ok?


Hitman: Alright back to the plot. I need you to prove yourself worthy of carrying the kill code. 


Brian: how do i become worthy of being plugged in?


Hitman: Simple, pick up my daughter from school. 


Brian: (blushing) huh?


Hitman: Bring her home and then I will know how capable you are. Here are the keys to my hitmobile. 


Narrator: Brian exits out of the garage and approaches the front pick up spot of their college. Hitmanmaid walks out looking good as alwa- brian stop thinking so hard your influencing my narration!


Brian: Sorry sorry. Deep breath Brian, believe in yourself. 


Hitmanmaid: (enters passenger seat) Oh yeah you're picking me up. 


Brian:(charismatic as frick) I'm picking you up and your putting me down. (in head) WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT? THAT MADE REVERSE SENSE!


Hitmanmaid: (chuckles) Just drive dork. 


Narrator: Brian begins to drive away at fifteen miles an hour. 


Hitmanmaid: You know the speed limit is 40 right? Also are you ok you look flushed?


Narrator: Brian’s face is the same shade of red as a blood orange. He is breathing as if he drank a bottle of hustle drops. 


Brian: The only limit I can think of is calculus. (in head) just stop talking. Just never talk again. Wait, whats this?


Narrator: In the middle console is a usb. It reads Charisma 10 min. He reaches for it and imbeds it into the usb port in his neck. Suddenly his skin grows normal in color and he becomes very cool and collected. He speeds up. 


Brian: Don't worry girl, you roll with me we roll in style. 


Narrator: He plays rap music on the radio. She looks out the window and back at him and sees he is now wearing sunglasses. 


Hitmanmaid: Can you even see with those things on?


Brian: Only thing I see is our future together, baby. And it's bright. 


Narrator: He continues to drive until they suddenly feel a thud against the back of the vehicle. 


Brian: What was that?


Thug 1: GIVE US THE GIRL. 


Thug 2: YEAH. 


Narrator: They look behind and see a monster truck with both thugs chasing them. It has also been 10 minutes. 


Brian: Geez louise are we in a rut. (in head) God dammit brian that wasn't even directed towards her! (outside voice) Don't worry hitmanmaid I'll get us out of this. 


Narrator: from the front of the monster truck comes a large buzzsaw type grinder that is also on fire. The monster truck speeds up and sears a little bit of brian’s bumper.

Brian: Oh god. Hitmanmaid, does your dad have any security measures in his car?


Hitmanmaid: Duh. he’s a hitman. Being the enemy of thousands makes you a little paranoid. 


Narrator: She presses a button and liquid metal spills out of their exhaust pipe. 


Brian: Cambry used to do that too before we took him to the doctor. But what will that accomplish?


Hitmanmaid: Give it a second. 


Narrator: The monster truck drives through the liquid metal with ease. 


Thug: WE got you now! HAHAHAHA huh?


Narrator: The thugs look down and see the metal has eaten at their wheels. They are now grinding to a stop as Brian speeds off. 


Both: YOU AREN'T BETTER THAN US.


Narrator: They miraculously make the remainder of the journey home safe and sound. 


Hitmanmaid: Good job Brock. You're ready. 


Brian: huh?


Narrator: Hitmanmaid removes a mask to reveal she is actually hitman. 


Brian: WHAT? Then where is-


Hitman: oh she’s still at school. But I did what I had to do in order to make sure you were ready. 


Brian: But you blushed and stuff thats kinda weird…


Hitman: I committed to the character. Well forget that all brian its time I give you the kill code. Oh one last thing. 


Narrator: Hitman tases brian in the stomach. He collapses onto the floor. 


Hitman: If you ever speak to my daughter with charisma usb inside of you I will insert another USB titled “how to combust” into your skull. Not even the port, your skull. Is that clear?


Brian: (convulsing on the floor) y y yes. 


Hitman: Good. 


Narrator: He pulls out the kill code and implants it into Brian’s port. Brian is relieved of all pain as well. 


Brian: now what?


Hitman: I don't know I'm not your dad. Go home. 


Brian: But I don't know the way. We all got scattered for miles. 


Hitman: Dude i am literally your neighbor. 


Narrator: they look outside and see Brian’s house at the end of the block. 


Brian: Oh yeah. Well thanks hitman. Wish me luck. 


Hitman: Don't be so lighthearted kid. This is a top priority mission. I will reward you handsomely upon completion. 


Brian: What could you give me? An audio jack?


Hitman: How bout I let you date my daughter?


Narrator: Lightning strikes brian. 


Brian: that would be cool.


Hitman: Alright well go get him. 


Narrator: Brian runs home and enters the front door. He sees Cambry there. 


Brian: CAMBRY. YOU'RE SAFE!


Cambry: yeah. What took you so long?


Brian: We gotta find Larry Cambry. We gotta.


Larry: i'm right here.


Brian: What? When did you get here?


Larry: Like ten minutes ago. We were waiting for you. 


Brian: Wow. that was anticlimatic. But anyways. I have a plan. To save Timmy.


Larry: To beat H and company. 


Cambry: To get the crown save the town and MR KRAAABS.


Larry: yes. Well, Cambry. Do the thing. 


Cambry: (cracks car knuckles) let's roll. 


To be continued in Carnival Cliche 100: